The plane is taking off.

A man plays the flute.

Sprinkle the pizza with crushed cheese.

Three people play chess.

A man plays the cello.

Some people are fighting.

Someone is smoking.

The man is playing the piano.

A man plays the guitar and sings.

A man threw a cat on the ceiling.

The man hit his opponent with a stick.

A woman holds a baby kangaroo.

A man plays the flute.

A man is folding a piece of paper.

A man is running on the road.

A dog was trying to take bacon off his back.

Polar bears glide on the snow.

A woman is writing.

The cat is wiping the baby's face.

The man rode a horse.

Pour the oil into the pan by yourself.

One person plays the guitar.

A panda slipped down the slide.

A woman is eating.

A woman was peeling potatoes.

The boy fell off his bike.

The woman plays the flute.

A rabbit ran in front of the eagle.

The lady is roasting pork chops.

A girl is flying a kite.

A man was riding a mechanical ox.

The man plays the guitar.

One woman dances and sings with other women.

A man is cutting bread.

A man poured oil into the pan.

Lions play with people.

Dogs can skateboard.

Someone is carving a statue.

A woman is cutting onions.

A woman was peeling shrimps.

A woman was frying fish.

A woman plays the electric guitar.

A little tiger is playing with a ball.

A man is cutting tomatoes.

Cut onions yourself.

A man is playing the piano.

A woman plays the flute.

A man is cutting potatoes.

A child is playing the guitar.

A boy is playing the guitar.

One person plays the guitar.

A little boy is playing with the keyboard.

One person plays the guitar.

The dog is licking the child.

A woman is cutting onions.

One person plays the guitar.

A woman was cutting chilies.

A man is playing a drum.

A woman riding a horse.

A man is eating bananas by the tree.

The cat is playing with the keyboard.

A man cut down a tree with an axe.

A child is playing with a toy phone.

A man rides a motorcycle.

A man rides a motorcycle.

The squirrel is circling.

Men and women kiss.

A man gets on the bus.

We dance by ourselves.

A man plays the guitar and sings.

A man is cutting mushrooms.

A little tiger made a noise.

A man is cutting onions.

A man is playing the piano.

A woman was peeling potatoes.

Pandas eat bamboo.

A man was peeling onions.

One monkey pushes the other.

The squirrel is circling.

One man tied his shoelaces.

A boy sang and played the piano.

Dogs eat watermelons.

A woman is cutting orchids.

A man is peeling potatoes.

A woman plays the guitar.

A woman is cutting tomatoes.

A man is swimming underwater.

A man and a woman are talking.

A dog is chasing a yoga ball.

Men play cricket.

A man left by motorcycle.

One person plays the guitar.

This man is on the phone.

A man is fishing.

A man is floating.

Two boys are driving.

A man riding a horse.

A man rides a bicycle.

A man is cutting potatoes.

A woman was peeling potatoes.

One person plays the guitar.

A woman is cutting leeks.

The man cut a piece of cardboard.

The man plays the guitar.

A man is playing the piano.

A woman is cutting meat.

A man is playing with the keyboard.

The lady chopped up the onions.

Someone is sitting in the water eating noodles.

Lionel Ritchie danced on the ceiling.

A man is playing the piano.

A woman plays the flute.

A boy is looking at the calendar.

A woman is cutting onions.

One person plays the guitar.

Women use sewing machines.

A woman was turning pancakes.

A man is running on the road.

A man riding a horse.

A man rides a bicycle.

A woman is dancing.

A man is playing the piano.

A man plays the flute.

A man is spinning.

The monkey swung from limb to limb.

People got off the train.

The dog jumps on the trampoline.

A boy is playing a musical instrument.

A woman plays the guitar.

Women choose canned food.

A man is climbing a rope.

A man is lifting the car.

A man and a woman are driving a jeep in the street.

The topless man sat on the chair.

Two women are fighting.

The dog plays blue tennis.

Kangaroos eat.

The cat is playing the piano.

The man cut the carpet with a knife.

A woman was riding a motorcycle on the road.

Someone is cutting vegetables.

A woman is dancing.

The dog licked the baby's saliva.

Go boating alone.

A man is cutting potatoes.

A woman was chopping garlic.

The animals are circling.

A man slowly crossed a bridge.

One person plays the guitar.

A man plays the flute.

A woman put two eggs in a glass bowl.

A man is cutting fish.

Two people are loading things in the trunk of the car.

A man poured oil on a tomato.

A man is chopping something.

A man paddles a canoe.

A man and a woman walked through the woods together.

The woman picked up the kangaroo.

The fish are swimming.

Two women are stirring things in a food processor.

Surfers.

One person plays the guitar.

A man plays the flute in a band.

The man buttered his bread.

Someone is cooking noodles.

A group of people are dancing on the mountain.

Dancing outside alone.

Women feed men.

A man put the pot in the oven.

A woman sat at the table.

The medical staff carried the patients on stretchers.

A woman was playing the flute on the stage.

Two baby pandas are playing.

The baby is laughing.

One person plays the guitar.

A man is folding paper.

Three women are dancing.

The cats are playing with each other.

A writer.

A short man.

The woman is kneading the dough.

Women add spices to the meat.

A woman was cheering on the fish.

A little boy with a guitar.

Cheetah.

The man is eating pizza.

An orangutan takes a bus.

A man and a woman are chatting in the restaurant.

One person plays the guitar.

A girl sings and plays the guitar.

A girl communicates in sign language.

Women exercise to lose weight.

A man walks into a car.

A big green ball knocked over a potato.

The cat is playing with the keyboard.

Two dogs are swimming in the swimming pool.

The man used a chopper to cut onions.

A woman is cutting tofu.

A herd of deer is crossing the road.

The man rode a horse.

Someone feeds the animals.

Someone is cutting corncakes.

Someone is stirring the ingredients.

The cock pecked the mouse to death.

A woman holds a kangaroo.

A man is playing with frogs.

Two people are talking.

A man buttered a loaf of bread.

A man crosses a high line.

A man was mowing the lawn.

Someone opens the door.

One man cut the potato into small pieces.

The lady is cutting octopus.

A man is playing on the blackboard.

We dance by ourselves.

Someone is playing the piano.

Two foxes are eating plates in a brick yard.

A boy is playing with the keyboard.

A man is playing with the keyboard.

Someone fired.

Someone is cutting onions.

He swims alone.

One person plays the guitar.

A woman is cutting a pumpkin.

A woman is dancing.

A woman was beating eggs in a bowl.

A car is driving on the road.

Someone is oiling the pan.

One person plays the guitar.

A woman drinks vodka.

A woman cut the meat into pieces.

A man is making steak.

One person sells things.

A man jumped off the wall.

The runner ran on the track.

A man is playing football.

A woman was frying.

The cat licked the sucker.

A woman was dancing by the fire.

The man is cutting a fish.

The butter melted in the pan.

Three boys are dancing.

Women are playing with men.

The man is driving a white car.

Drive alone.

The car backed away from a space.

A man put cheese on a pizza.

The boy is playing the piano.

The man plays the guitar.

A man riding a horse.

A man is walking on the rope.

A girl plays the flute.

People get off the train.

Women sew on machines.

A dog is looking at the swimming pool.

A man buttered a piece of bread.

A man cut the tomato into small pieces.

Three teenage girls are dancing in the room.

The lion walks.

A man drove a car.

A black horse ran everywhere.

A woman was peeling shrimps.

A man riding a horse.

A man walked along the path.

A man is cutting potatoes.

A dog barked on the ball.

A child escaped from the fish on the fishing rod.

A man walked along the path through the wilderness.

An old man was speaking on the platform.

Slow rider

A man was cutting pretzel cheese.

The man was shooting with an automatic rifle.

A man crushed garlic with a knife.

A woman files her nails with sandpaper.

A skateboarder.

A woman is taking a bath.

We dance by ourselves.

Go boating alone.

A man threw a rope on the ceiling.

A woman climbed the beach.

A man is holding a small animal in his hand.

A man is folding a square piece of paper.

A man frys meat in a pan.

Chimpanzees hurt women.

The woman is peeling shrimps.

Two zebras are playing.

A woman was cutting butter.

Some people play the guitar.

The elephant watered himself.

A dog sat on the counter of the shop.

Someone used an electric drill to drill a hole in the wood.

A woman is cutting vegetables.

Badgers dig holes.

A woman was skiing by the lake.

A girl plays the violin.

The helicopter landed at the heliport.

A woman is cutting chicken.

A woman is cutting cucumbers.

A woman rode an elephant in front of a group of respectable people.

The dog glided on the floor.

A woman split the garlic clove.

A dog is looking at the swimming pool.

A woman mixed beauty care in a glass.

A man is painting.

A woman is picking tomatoes.

A man is looking at the computer screen.

The boy is riding a tricycle.

Two men participated in the tyre rolling competition.

Someone is cutting meat.

A man plays the violin.

The child came in through the door.

A man is playing with the keyboard.

One person smells like two pizzas.

The monkey pulled the dog's tail.

The dog lay on its back on the wooden floor.

The woman is frying in the pan.

A man put the seasoning in a bowl of water.

An old woman poured oil into the stove.

A woman is cutting onions.

The woman picked up the kangaroo.

Canned dogs.

A woman was skinning a fish.

A mower.

A cat is watching TV.

The boy was trapped in the doorway of the kennel.

People jump into the swimming pool.

A woman was swimming underwater.

One person plays the guitar.

The plane is flying in the sky.

A bear runs behind two dogs.

A woman was lying on a floating raft.

A man died in the operating room.

A man with leaves.

A man riding a horse.

A woman is chopping octopus.

A man broke the kettle.

One person plays the guitar.

A girl is eating cupcakes.

The little girl is playing with a dog and a ball on the grass.

People ride bicycles and row boats.

The lady cut a potato.

The missile exploded.

The dog is playing in the snow.

One woman dances with other women.

A boy was pushing a van.

A boy is dancing.

A woman opened a bottle of soda to drink.

A man is assembling the loudspeaker.

The dog walked along the swimming pool.

Put the butter in the bowl.

Raccoons eat.

Someone fell off the horse.

A woman was peeling an apple.

Maths is taught alone.

Animals play in the water.

A man on horseback jumped over an obstacle.

A man is playing with a pencil.

The man turned on the camera.

The man is cutting the tape from the box.

A man is fishing in the river.

A man rides a bicycle.

Men do push ups.

One person plays the guitar.

The little boy sang and played the guitar.

A woman is painting her face.

A woman was peeling potatoes.

A woman is shooting.

A woman puts a wreath on a man's shoulder.

An old woman shook hands with a man.

The woman is skating.

The trees bent in the storm.

A man and a woman are in the car.

A man moves a branch.

A man is playing the piano.

A man poured oil on the stove.

Animals eat.

The woman is walking her dog.

A group of people are singing.

Cats drink milk.

A girl is doing her eyelids.

Two people are fighting.

The officer shouted at the recruits.

The man put the chicken in the container.

A man pressed on the shorthand machine.

A woman added spaghetti to a pot of water.

A woman was lying on a rock.

Two puppies are playing.

A man is running in the field.

A man kisses someone.

Someone poured food into the pot.

A couple is working.

One person plays the guitar.

One person adds food to the pot.

A group of penguins are walking.

One person plays the guitar.

The dog jumps on the trampoline.

A man shakes a container on the kitchen sink.

A man walks on a horse.

The paper was cut with scissors.

Someone is peeling shrimps.

One person plays the guitar.

The one who made the bed in the hotel.

The dog grabbed the dog's tail and then its leg.

A woman was beating two eggs in a bowl.

Jumping rope alone.

A man is cutting onions.

A woman holds a kangaroo.

The footballer scored a goal.

A woman is cooking.

A woman was swimming on the beach.

One person carries another.

The woman put the dough on the plate.

A man stood up and talked about a gray T-shirt.

Someone poured olive oil into a bowl of tomato horn.

One person plays the guitar.

Someone cooked a okra in a pan.

A man is peeling potatoes.

A cat jumped into the box.

The woman is mixing oil.

A cat stands upside down under the sofa.

Women dance, men play keyboard.

The cook is cleaning up a bowl of soup.

There was an explosion in the desert.

A woman was cutting a lemon.

An overweight man jumped rope.

The lady beat two raw eggs.

A man sharpens a pencil with a knife.

Plastic toys float in the water.

The turtle followed the fish.

The woman is painting her eyes.

One man tied his shoelaces.

A woman cut meat with a knife.

The dog ran on the floor.

A man stroked a tied dog.

A woman and a pet dog were walking in the open, and the other dogs followed them.

A woman was chopping garlic.

Both teams are playing football.

A mouse like animal was sniffing.

Two sumo wrestlers are fighting.

A man lay on the ground, aiming at a rifle.

A couple ran to the sea.

A woman cuts a hard egg.

Two robots kiss.

The cat wants to touch the dog.

Rhinoceros are grazing on the grass.

The man drove his red car through the traffic.

A man is cutting bread.

A cat quickly hit a child on the head.

The cat is playing in the box.

The couple danced in the church.

A man slapped him on the mouth with an alligator.

A man is checking rice cakes.

A woman stirred two eggs in a glass bowl.

The man is playing the drum.

A man is cutting chilli.

A woman speaks in sign language.

A boy climbed into the kennel.

The girl was flying a kite while climbing the mountain.

A woman put food in a hot water tank.

A little monkey is walking in the water.

A man rides a bicycle.

A young man sang and played the piano.

A boy took off his sunglasses.

A girl is playing the piano.

The lady cut a tomato.

Someone is holding a hedgehog.

A woman was peeling potatoes.

Cats drink water.

A man put salt and pepper on a piece of pork.

The man sat on the chair and looked.

A woman is cutting potatoes.

The baby crawled happily.

A man frys meat in a pan.

A man looked out of the window.

The person sitting plays the guitar.

A woman cut onions with a knife.

The rider ran and jumped.

A boy is playing with the keyboard.

Two people are fighting.

One man plays bagpipes, and several others play bongo.

A man is touching a monkey.

Two cartoon rabbits are kissing.

A hedgehog bites a towel.

The cat licks itself.

A little guinea pig was chewing a carrot on the ground.

Four boys stood in front of the burning car.

Someone is smoking.

Women add sauce to their food.

Three children are eating their food.

A submarine is sailing in the water.

A man is running in the street.

A man is cutting onions.

Badgers dig holes in the ground.

A woman is cutting chilli.

A man rides a bicycle.

Men and women kiss.

A woman is cutting onions.

A little boy is playing with a dog.

This man is painting.

A man is cutting potatoes.

A boy is playing the guitar.

A woman is cutting onions.

The toy train ran into the toy truck.

One person plays the guitar.

A cat opened the drawer and came in.

The woman is frying food.

A man is cutting onions.

A girl plays the guitar.

A girl is singing on the stage.

A woman rode a horse.

A girl plays the guitar.

A woman is drawing shrimp.

Dancing alone on the ceiling.

A woman sliced onions with a large knife.

A man is playing with the keyboard.

One person plays the guitar.

A woman was peeling potatoes.

A woman is looking after a frog.

A man plays the flute.

One person plays the guitar.

A man is playing the piano.

One person plays the guitar.

A man plays the flute.

A man plays the flute.

Two women are on the sofa.

Someone is cutting cucumbers.

The cat is playing with a blue string toy.

The dog barked on the toy.

The man who broke the tortilla.

Cats drink milk.

Drive alone.

The tortoise walks.

A cow is eating grass.

A woman is cutting orchids.

A person is crying.

The man plays the guitar.

A man is cutting onions.

A man is cutting potatoes.

A woman knocked on the table with her finger.

Someone cooked a okra in a pan.

Someone is smoking.

The man is playing the drum.

A man jumped into the swimming pool.

A woman stopped a leak.

A little boy is playing the guitar.

A woman is dancing.

Women talk.

A girl put some gel on her hair.

A child is playing the guitar.

A large crowd marched at the scene.

The woman shot with a machine gun.

A man is playing the piano.

A woman is cutting onions.

A man is cutting cucumbers.

A girl is eating cupcakes.

A woman is cutting onions.

The man plays the guitar.

One person plays the guitar.

Two little girls are on the phone.

A man cut firewood with an axe.

One person cut the pepper into small pieces.

Men talk to women.

This man walks.

Someone poured oil into the stove.

The cat is playing with a ball.

One person plays the guitar.

A girl plays the violin.

One person plays two pianos.

A man is exercising.

A man is cutting scallops.

A man and a woman ride bicycles.

The two men were fighting in the dairy.

A woman is filling the pot.

A girl is making her bed.

The cat is playing with watermelon.

A girl jumped on the bus.

A man is praying.

A car stopped.

A short man.

A man is singing.

One man carries another on his shoulder.

A woman was peeling potatoes.

A woman is cutting tomatoes.

Someone is peeling potatoes.

A woman was peeling potatoes.

Two robots kiss.

There are two boys playing video games on the sofa.

A woman was squeezing lemon.

A woman is cutting onions.

A woman was cutting carrots.

A girl is combing her hair.

A person coming down the stairs.

Two people ride motorcycles.

One person plays the guitar.

A man plays the guitar and sings.

A man walks in the rain.

Kangaroos eat.

A man is fishing.

A woman is swimming.

A woman is eating.

A boy and a girl are dancing in the rain.

Drive alone.

Women grind onions.

Two roosters are fighting.

A man riding a horse.

A man riding a horse.

Someone fired.

A woman is cutting onions.

The woman is mowing the grass.

A boy is playing the piano.

The elephant is eating.

A woman was beating eggs in a bowl.

A man is playing with the keyboard.

A boy hit a man with his sword.

A man cut the carrot into pieces.

A man cut a pile of water bottles with a knife.

A man is writing a book.

A woman was chopping garlic.

A man is making the bed.

A man is playing with the keyboard.

A man plays the violin.

That woman smokes.

The man wiped the others' paintings clean.

A man rides a motorcycle.

A man riding a motorcycle on the highway.

A woman is cutting meat.

A woman is cutting orchids.

A man is playing the piano.

Someone is cutting tomatoes.

A woman was dancing in a cage.

A woman is swimming.

A short man.

The man plays the guitar.

A cat is looking at the camera.

The child smiled. He was crawling.

A woman is shooting.

A woman was dancing in the rain.

A woman is dancing.

A child is playing an instrument.

Someone opened the bottle with a sword.

A woman is cutting apples.

The man is peeling an apple.

The man plays the guitar.

An animal is walking on the ground.

A little girl is playing the grand piano on the stage.

A group of dancers

One person plays the guitar.

A cat was swinging on the ceiling fan.

A woman plays the flute.

The woman is cutting onions.

A monkey is drawing a bulldog.

A woman is cutting onions.

A man is playing the piano.

Women wash their hands.

A woman is shooting.

A man is eating a bowl of cereal.

The woman bathes in the bathtub.

A cyclist ran into a motorcycle.

A man shook a mouse beside a snake.

A man and a woman are walking in the woods.

A man poured rice noodles into a bowl.

A man looked out of the window.

A woman is shooting.

A man is eating bananas.

The men performed on the stage.

A cartoon girl jumps into the swimming pool.

The lady put the baby in the trash can.

Someone fried the meat.

A man cuts mushrooms with a knife.

A woman filled the bowl.

The skateboarder played tricks on the half pipe.

A man is speaking on the stage.

One person plays the guitar.

A man is playing with the keyboard.

A man is cutting potatoes.

A man was dancing on the ceiling of the room.

Two people are dancing.

Someone is seasoning eggs.

A man was swinging on the rope.

A man is cutting tomatoes.

A woman was cooking shrimp.

A man is cutting potatoes.

Dancing alone on the road.

The deer jumped over the fence.

A girl is dancing in the rain.

A lady is writing a letter.

The gorilla is playing the drum.

A woman came in.

The boy cut the grass off the roadside with scissors.

A man with glasses is talking.

A woman is cutting flowers.

A man walks on a stone road.

A man played with his nose on the keyboard.

One person plays the guitar.

Animals eat.

One person lifts weights.

A man runs by bus.

A man is climbing a rope.

The cat is playing the piano.

A woman was dancing in the rain.

The men are running.

A man cut the tomato into small pieces.

A man plays the flute.

A woman is cutting potatoes.

The chicken pecked the mouse to death.

The woman is cutting cucumbers.

A man is dressing and slicing.

A woman is cutting a pumpkin.

A woman was cheering on the fish.

Women grind carrots.

Someone is cleaning up the animals.

Someone is on the phone.

A woman is smoking.

A man lay down and shot.

A person is abused.

A man jumped into the swimming pool.

Someone fired.

Guitarist.

A man is peeling potatoes.

The woman is upstairs.

The plane flew along the runway.

A woman slides into the bathtub.

A man was mowing the lawn.

A woman was peeling potatoes.

A man is playing the piano.

A woman is dancing ballet.

A woman is cutting onions.

A woman was stirring rice in a pot.

A woman put pieces of meat in a pan.

The boy is playing the trumpet.

A man riding a horse.

A woman is cutting onions.

A man is cutting vegetables.

The cat is playing.

A man rides a bicycle.

The band played on the stage.

The woman is cutting fish cake.

Eat bread alone.

A woman was cooking shrimp.

A woman is dancing.

A woman threw a cat into the air. The cat hung on a stick on the ceiling.

A big turtle is walking.

A man was burning the national flag.

The man was pushing a van.

A man is eating wood.

A dog speaks to the camera.

A man put two towels on the tray.

A man and a woman walk.

A man cut the rope with his sword.

The man sings and plays the guitar.

A man is cutting paper.

We dance by ourselves.

Two boys are talking on the phone.

One person plays the guitar.

A woman is cutting onions.

A woman rode a horse.

A man is playing football.

A woman was peeling an orange.

Someone opened the egg.

A man chops snakes to cook.

A woman is catching carrots.

A man and a woman are dancing.

A woman is cutting flowers.

The man is dancing in the restaurant.

The American flag is flying.

The lion walks in an enclosed area.

A woman was cutting a lemon.

A woman plays the flute.

The dog barked on the toy.

Women add an egg to stir.

A woman covered a piece of meat with flour.

A white cat perched in a small wooden wardrobe and looked out of the window.

Men do floor exercises.

A man is cutting potato chips.

Someone is playing the piano.

Women make up for men.

The woman poured the eggplant into the pot.

A man plays the trumpet.

A woman was cutting a lemon.

A tiger tried to climb up the wall.

A man is preparing a sling.

A woman was dancing on the stage.

The girl is upstairs.

Fried people.

A man is shooting.

A woman waved her arm.

Go by yourself.

The men are wiping their hands.

A football player scored a football goal on the court.

A girl is playing the piano.

A person paints a figure.

The monkey is hanging on the tree.

Some children jump on the trampoline.

A woman cut pepper with a knife.

A man was filling up the car.

A man cuts carrots with a machine.

A boy is playing with the keyboard.

The cat is playing with the antenna.

A woman is cutting a pumpkin.

People throw models onto cliffs.

The gun is firing.

A woman is cutting a piece of plastic.

A woman is cutting a pineapple.

Women add spices to the meat.

A man was filling the pan with oil.

The cook seasoned the dough.

A boy is running on the beach.

A little monkey scratched himself.

A boy is riding a bike at the door.

A man is playing cards.

A man is playing the piano.

A mower.

A man stirred water and flour.

There are two dogs in the fence.

Motorcycle riders, wheels.

A cat opened the drawer and came in.

A man opened a box with a knife.

A man kicks water.

I eat alone.

The dog rolled back and forth on its back.

A little boy sang and played the guitar.

The woman is peeling a lemon.

A man plays the trumpet.

A dog looked around.

A woman is cutting onions.

The man drilled a hole in the forest.

Someone cut a circle with a piece of pink paper.

A man plays the flute.

A man put meat in a bag.

A girl is eating cupcakes.

The rabbit sniffed at a stuffed rabbit.

A man put bread and butter together.

A woman was squeezing cucumber slices.

A man took his internal organs out of green pepper.

A man took a piece of Italian sausage pizza from a pizza box, closed it, and closed the lid.

The man put vegetables in the broth.

The man ran over and jumped onto the wall.

The man is seasoning the sausage.

Clowns sing and people dance.

A woman was feeding dolphins.

One man rinsed the steak with water.

A boy rode his bicycle through the metal fence.

A man threw a knife into a tree.

The girls are walking on the stage.

Women exercise to lose weight.

A man is peeling potatoes.

A big bird standing on the table picked up a plastic cup filled with liquid and put it in a bowl filled with liquid.

A woman in the rain.

Women beat men.

A woman was riding an elephant.

One person lifts weights.

A man on a jet plane in the waves.

A woman was wearing a helmet.

The cat eats the food on the plate.

A woman is reading a life magazine.

A man poured pepper into a bowl.

The bird eats from the tree in the bowl.

A group of girls got off the taxi.

A woman was seasoning a piece of meat.

A man is cutting sweet blue leaves.

A man ate a slice of pizza.

A man put meat in a plastic bag.

Rabbi is talking.

A man riding a horse.

One person plays the guitar.

A man is cutting bread.

Drive alone.

The dog was catching flies on the carpet in front.

The dog is barking.

The monkey walks on the bed.

A woman was cooking cauliflower.

A man makes corn cakes.

A woman is serving online.

A man cut a cucumber with a knife.

A man is playing with an electronic keyboard.

A man plays the violin.

A man cut off the toe of an empty boot with his sword.

The man descaled the fish.

People are walking in the garden.

Children on horseback.

A man cut garlic into pieces with a knife.

A man is folding a piece of paper.

The man was pushed into the water.

A boy is playing a video game.

A man is on the phone.

Someone is on the phone.

A woman put on makeup on her face.

The man raised the rudder.

Women feed animals with their hands.

Several ferrets came out of the cage.

A young woman plays the flute.

A woman shot with a rifle.

When using beans to make chili, add chili powder.

A woman shot with a gun.

A man is cutting onions.

A dog opened the refrigerator.

A woman was holding a dancing baby.

Women make up for men.

The lady put the cheese in the sauce.

A man is speaking on the platform.

The cat trembled under the bed.

A woman was chopping garlic.

A mower.

A mower.

A boy escaped from the fishing line.

The man punched him in Kazakhstan's office.

One person carries another.

The meat was thrown into the pot.

A woman is cutting onions.

Men dunk.

The machine sharpens the pencil.

Women wipe their feet.

A man is cleaning the window.

A man was stirring rice.

A man put a knife in a vise.

A boy is playing the violin on the stage.

A woman cut pink bread with a knife.

A man put pork chops in the stove.

The men are fighting.

A man picks up the ball.

A girl is reading a newspaper.

A lazy monkey bit a finger.

A man walked along the path through the wilderness.

The man plays the guitar.

Some people skate on the road.

A man poured liquid into the pan.

A boy plays the piano and sings.

The cat and ferret are playing.

Monkeys walk in the water.

Women are making up.

The dog is driving.

The man sang with a microphone on the stage.

The car backed away from a space.

A man is holding a frog.

A person travels by boat.

The man rode along the motorway.

A man is cutting onions.

A person performs on the stage.

The women are sitting.

A man took some pieces of toast from a plastic bag.

A woman was dancing by the fire.

Meditator

A boy is cutting paper.

This man is on the phone.

A man plays the guitar and sings.

The football player put the ball between his legs.

Animals walk.

Someone is grabbing the belly of an animal.

One person lifts weights.

A boy is playing with a toy.

A man jumped off the cliff.

A man came out of the water.

A man and a woman are dancing.

A man sweeps the floor with a long broom.

A group of lovers are dancing.

A man peels a fish.

The man put his camera on the beach to take a picture of the sunset.

Someone held a little tiger and stroked it.

The man plays the guitar.

The man did push ups on the wall.

A woman is cutting vegetables.

A man crushed the eggs in a small bowl.

A man is playing with the keyboard.

The dog is running in the yard.

A child was walking in the street when a jeep stopped.

A man filled the jar.

The girl danced in front of the fire.

A man cut butter into a container.

A girl was dragged away by a dog.

The man took off his sunglasses as he spoke.

The two men played a funny sketch with a boxer in front of the crowd.

The girl is making her bed.

Someone is cooking onions.

The man threw a piece of concrete on another man with his sled.

The lady boiled the noodles with warm water.

The girls are dancing on the stage.

The panda is lying down.

Two children are playing with green crocodiles in the swimming pool.

Two policemen are singing karaoke.

A man put cauliflower in the water.

The doctor is helping the patient.

Some people mash onions in water.

A baby is talking.

Women boil eggs.

A woman put ingredients in beaten eggs.

A woman is cutting mangoes.

A girl cut the butter in half.

One person plays the guitar.

A man opened a package with a helmet.

A girl plays the guitar.

A little girl is playing the violin on the beach.

Monkeys hit people with karate - wearing hands.

Women put things on their hair with their hands.

One hit another with karate gloves.

This man plays bagpipes.

A young woman is playing the guitar.

Men play football.

A woman is running on the beach.

A man was making spaghetti.

The panda is playing on the swing.

Two green and white trains stopped on the tracks.

A little white cat with shining eyes stood under the chair.

A large ship on the dock.

A bus running in the street.

A passenger train waiting at the station.

A woman sitting at the table was writing in her notebook.

Apple computer sitting on the floor.

Close up of a brown horse's head.

A group of people are eating at the table outside.

A jockey on horseback.

The man rode his motorcycle along the road.

A woman on a brown horse.

A child on a bicycle jumping off a ledge.

A black dog stood in front of the yellow flower.

CU A BOTTLE OF WATER.

Close up of a brown faced cat.

A sheep standing in the distance.

A long haired cat with closed eyes.

A woman in a gray shirt smiled at the camera, while the woman behind her made a face.

A silver and blue Amtrak train was running on a track near a small railway station.

A man in a blue shirt leaned against the coffee table and TV.

A black and white photograph of a woman showing a horse.

A dark brown horse stood in the field.

The background is a horse tent.

A group of people sat around the table with food on it.

A brown horse was standing on the green land.

Black and white cows in hay.

An old woman was standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.

A school bus was driving uphill on a country road.

A camouflage plane sitting on the grass.

Three young women were standing together in a room.

The red double decker bus runs on the street.

An Aries on the hillside is watching the camera.

A flock of sheep in the field.

A close-up distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.

There are computer monitors on very crowded desks.

A man sitting in a messy room.

Two white cows on the green pasture.

Black cattle walking under the trees in the pasture.

Two people are sitting at the table in the restaurant.

A woman with a beer smile and another woman with a smile sat outside.

The bird that catches the metal door.

The thin cow stood on the grass.

A woman was lying between two men sitting on the sofa.

A woman with a large necklace.

The horned brown cow stood in the field.

Cruise ships anchored at the coastline.

A black and white cat lying under a bush.

Brown and white cows stood on the grass beside the road.

A dog stood on the grass looking up at the camera.

A brown calf with a yellow label on its left ear looked at the camera.

A black and white photo of a sofa with a wallet at one end.

There were two people floating on the water.

This is the rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.

Helmeted people ride bicycles near white buildings.

A black-and-white photograph of an old railway station.

A gray tabby cat sleeps on purple fabric.

A woman with a baby in her arms.

A herd of horses were grazing on the grass.

Three people sat at a table with drinks on it.

Two people in white are standing on the grass.

An orange spotted cat sleeping on the sofa.

Two eagles perched on the branches.

A striped cat lying on a bag of cat litter.

A man and a child in the living room are posing for the camera.

A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on the desk.

Five birds are standing on the snow.

A black car was parked on rows of low-lying mountains.

Passenger trains in the snow.

The blackbird sat on the ground.

The black and white bull is looking at the camera.

A young girl on a white and gray horse.

A black and white sheep walked beside an white sheep.

The background is the dining room.

There is afternoon sunshine on the dining room table.

A red moped parked on the sidewalk in front of graffiti.

Seagulls float on the water.

A black dog stands next to the materials at the construction site.

A woman posed in front of an apartment building in the snow.

Five cows are grazing on the roadside.

Two goats are grazing in front of a mountain lake.

Black and white cows behind the fence.

A passenger train waiting at the station.

A white animal is running in the snow covered forest.

A man sitting on the grass looking at the sky.

A black flat screen TV on the floor.

A silver bicycle is parked in the living room.

Black trains on the tracks.

Black trains on the tracks.

An orange spotted cat sleeping on the sofa.

The vulture perched on the rope.

A couple posed for a photo on the sofa.

The men were drinking while playing the guitar.

The two cats sat on the sofa and looked out of the window.

Red double decker bus.

Close up of a long faced animal standing on the grass beside a tree.

A brown and white dog sat on a flowered chair.

A group of people sitting at the table.

Two sheep stood on the cliff and looked at the camera.

A black and white photograph of an empty railway station.

A row of locomotives on the siding in the field.

A white Apple computer is placed on the beige carpet in the bedroom.

A dog snoozing under a small table.

A ship with four sails sails on the water.

The red sports car sped along the track.

A blackbird sitting on a concrete slab.

The Victory liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.

A red double decker bus on one side of the street.

A group of river barges with trees in the background.

Seagulls float on the water.

A motorcycle parked next to a car.

The grey cat looked out of the window.

A black and white photograph of a cow under a tree.

Potted plants in the sun.

Four people are rowing on the shore.

A girl in a red shirt was riding a brown horse.

There is a small table and chair in front of the laundry.

Amtrak passenger train waiting at the station.

A large jet on the ground of the airport.

A young girl wearing a helmet and riding a pony.

A person sitting on a porch.

Two horses stood in a circle.

The red train and the yellow train run on the track.

Two people are sitting at the table in the restaurant.

A lamb stands next to two small animals.

People who ride dirt bikes outdoors.

Brown cows with ear tags on the grass.

A sailboat sailing on water.

A woman in a Viking hat.

A white double decker bus is parked.

A group of black faced sheep.

Two birds perch on a metal belt.

The blue tablecloth table in the kitchen.

A young woman wearing a bracelet was wearing a bikini top and jeans.

A brown horse grazing in the green grass.

A can of liquid is located in the center of the tin foil covering plate.

A black and white cow stood on the grass.

A yellow and blue plane is flying in the sky.

A woman who sits in a chair and makes up at Christmas.

Four young Asians are sitting in their study or living room.

The train runs along the tracks.

A young woman in black.

A group of people sitting at a table drinking.

An airplane flying in the distance.

A group of river barges with trees in the background.

The background is the dining room.

The yellow striped cat is resting on the blue sofa.

An inbound passenger train.

Two people are paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.

A black train runs along the tracks.

A white jeep stopped in front of the shop.

Two women stood in front of the tour bus.

A man was riding a big black motorcycle.

A bike is parked outside the bookstore.

At sunset, the plane was in flight.

Two red buses stopped with the garden in front of them.

A yellow parrot clings to the side of the cage.

A couple was sailing on a small sailing boat.

A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to the car.

Red double decker bus.

Stand on a beautiful day with a big building in the background.

A little white dog was lying on the wooden deck and gnawing at the branches.

People standing in front of the silver train.

Close up of a sheep sticking out its tongue.

Black and white horn cows standing in the field.

A man riding a white horse in the arena.

A train stopped on the track near the field.

The women and children sitting at the table smiled at the camera.

A Buddha sits on a table with a wooden sliding platform.

Two red buses are driving in front of the garden.

Cows grazing in snow covered fields.

A man riding a white horse.

A man in a blue shirt stood in front of the fountain.

A girl in riding gear was sitting on a brown horse.

Transparent plastic chair in front of the bookshelf.

A dog was wearing a grey jacket.

A sheep is standing on the hillside.

A black and white cow stood on the grass.

A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.

A girl on a brown horse.

A man standing in front of a yellow frigate.

A man sitting on the grass looking at the sky.

A man posed in front of a large fountain, on top of which was a statue.

A white cat standing on the carpet.

Flat panel TV on the floor.

Two brown horses are standing on the grass.

Two sheep are standing at the door.

There are several computer monitors in the room.

A line outside the bookstore on the street.

A passenger plane was parked on the runway.

The old green bottle sitting on the table.

Two white horses stared at the fence.

The black and white cows stopped in front of the gate.

A black and white cow stood on the grass.

A black and white picture of a cat lying down.

A man and a woman stood there, smiling at the camera.

An orange and white cat was sleeping on a leather chair.

A white cat standing on the carpet.

The grey and white house cat lay on the table.

A woman posed in front of an apartment building in the snow.

A young woman wearing a bracelet was wearing a bikini top and jeans.

There is a table and chair in the room, a picture on the wall, and a ceiling fan.

A man sat cross legged on the bed watching a small TV.

Headlamps on blue cars.

An inbound passenger train.

The plane facing the camera.

A woman on a brown horse.

A jockey on horseback.

Two dogs and animals mingle.

A train is running on the tracks.

Someone was standing on the snow mountain watching the plane.

A bird flapped its wings in the water.

A cruise ship docked at a port.

Red double decker buses on crowded streets.

A woman stroked the dog in the fence.

A black and white cat was playing with a blanket.

A man riding a mountain bike downhill.

A cat reclined on the office chair.

A group of horses grazing in the field.

A group of people are drinking.

Two dogs look forward in a kennel with a fence.

Three sheep on the dirt road seen from a bus.

A yellow and blue plane is flying in the sky.

The train stopped at the railway station.

A train stopped on the track near the field.

The red double decker bus carries passengers.

Two men were sitting on the sofa drinking beer, and a girl was lying on their legs.

Two women are looking at an object in the kitchen.

A racehorse without riders.

The steam engine and train move towards the camera.

A black and white picture of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.

A bird perched on the frozen branch.

The boy with glasses is typing on the computer.

As a black truck leaves its frame, a red truck spins its tires.

A living room with a desk, chair and sofa, and a big palm beside it.

A smiling woman with a baby in her arms.

Esso gas station with trees in the background.

Four blue and yellow planes flew over four ships.

A horse standing near the gate, another horse in the background.

There are three bottles on the table.

A steam engine came down from the train track near the tree.

The train is at the railway station.

A woman sitting on a sofa with a baby in her arms.

Two birds flew towards the water fountain.

Two cows are standing in a field.

A flock of sheep are grazing on the mountain.

A man was standing in front of the train.

Two women are posing for the camera and giving thumbs up.

A woman was sitting on the sofa holding a baby.

Double decker red union buses on city streets.

Two women are sitting on the brown sofa.

A gray cat, green eyes looking at the camera.

The bird sat on the branch.

A group of people sitting at the dining room table.

A black and white cow stood on the grass, setting off part of the cloudy blue sky.

A man on a white horse.

Two cows drink from the pond.

There are several sheared sheep in a circle.

The black dog is lying on the grass.

Two young people sat at the table beside the sliding door, one pointing to the other.

A man and a woman walked on the beach hand in hand.

Ten sheep are watching the camera.

A black and white dog is looking at the camera.

A black table and a white plush chair.

The red double decker bus carries passengers.

A sailboat sailing on water.

A blue bird perched on a man's gloved hand.

A girl on a brown and white horse.

Black trains on the tracks.

A little boy painted with red and blue crayons.

A group of people in the living room.

A mallard duck and a docile white duck are on the grass near the water.

The cat sat between two bicycles in front of the door.

A girl with a red bag is standing in the street.

The rider rode a white horse.

A long train is on the track.

A dark brown dog looked at a black sheep.

A room with several computers and photos on the wall.

A black and white photo shows a cow walking under a tree in the field.

On the apron sat a silver Mexican jet.

A man on a dirt bike jumped very high.

Two men sail a small white sailboat.

A white plane was parked on the concrete floor.

Three cows are grazing in the field.

The man was sitting at a messy table, using a laptop.

A table with candles, wine, and teapots.

Two people in a red canoe are reflected in the still water.

A scantily dressed woman was standing next to a car.

The red double decker bus carries passengers.

A Buddha with a candle is sitting on the table.

Three people sat at the table smiling at the camera.

Colored trains on the tracks.

A white and red bus is driving in the street.

A red and blue plane lowered its landing gear and flew.

The boat went down the river.

Four women and two men sat at a long table in a restaurant.

Two goats stood in the field by the tree.

A black and white photo of the living room with large windows, sofas and chairs.

Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.

A big black bird is sitting in the water.

Close up of a cat on the cream sofa.

A man is jumping a bike and performing a magic trick.

A yellow school bus stopped in a rural area.

A pug sat on the yellow chair next to the green trash can.

The woman sat on the red motorcycle.

A sheep stood on the table at the auction.

Close up of the black train engine.

An orange and white cat was sleeping on a leather chair.

The train runs on his tracks.

Black and white cows stand on the grass.

Double decker red union buses on city streets.

The TV and desk in the hotel room are equipped with lamps.

A person riding a small bicycle.

A lady in a navy dress was cutting a cake on the white table.

A black train runs along the tracks.

A close-up photo of a white and purple motorcycle.

A young girl on a brown horse.

Two women are looking at an object in the kitchen.

Two women pose with their babies in their arms.

A group of people sat around the table with food.

A blue motorcycle stopped on the sidewalk.

Red double decker buses on city streets.

Two trains in the railway station.

A man riding a white horse.

A man and two women sat on the blue sofa and smiled at the camera.

A large cruise ship in the harbor, with trees behind it.

Two cows cross the intersection.

A few cows were grazing in the middle of the road.

A black cow and a brown cow stood on the plain in front of a uprooted tree.

A red double decker bus running along the street.

Brown cows with ear tags on the grass.

Close up of the front of the purple and white motorcycle.

Two women are shopping in a clothing store.

A group of people sitting at the table.

Close up of a brown horse's head.

A man in a red hat was standing next to the brick support beam.

A bay pony is walking beside its mother on the grass.

A woman standing next to a brown cow.

A dog climbed out of the back of the truck.

The woman in blue is cutting food.

The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.

Two black haired girls were sitting on a red and yellow motorcycle with a car beside them.

A little white cat standing in the sink.

A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.

The computer on the desk.

A child smiling at the camera.

A bird floating in the water.

A white bus with Julia on it was near the water and a big boat.

Blue and white old trains on the tracks.

A yellow boat on the beach.

Kitchen diners with papers on the table in blue.

train station.

A gray cat sat on the windowsill and looked at the camera.

A man sitting playing the guitar.

A red double decker bus running along the street.

Three cows are grazing on the grass.

The brown train stopped on the tracks.

Black and white horn cows standing in the field.

A little blonde girl in a blue dress sat on the table next to her mother.

A group of people sitting at the table.

A black and white cow was in a circle with hay.

Red double decker bus.

A close-up view of the horse's head.

Old style wooden sailboat in the ocean.

Sheep standing in the mountains.

A white plane on the runway.

A stroked brown puppy.

Elegant dining room with wooden furniture.

A woman was lying between two men sitting on the sofa.

Two motorcycles are on the muddy track.

The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.

A grey cat with green eyes looked at the camera.

Two lambs are standing on a grassy hill.

A man in white is holding a wine bottle, and a woman is wearing a red turtleneck sweater and a white vest.

A lonely cow sat in the cold yard.

A double decker bus is running on the city street.

A large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.

A boy who feeds sheep.

A girl wearing a black desk is holding an open box of cornflakes and a box of milk.

A close-up of a cactus.

Aries stands on a green hill.

A black and white bird with grass in the background.

A wooden bicycle with an awning.

A black and white photograph of a dilapidated wooden fence.

Two brown horses are standing on the green grass.

Two men wearing bicycle helmets.

A man playing video games in a shop.

A group of people sat around the table on the porch.

A young girl wearing a bicycle helmet with a bicycle in the background.

There are many stickers on the back of the stop sign.

A bike is parked outside the bookstore.

There is a brown double decker tour bus on the street with a Ferris wheel behind it.

A black and white chair, sitting in front of a brick wall, a window, a vase with a bamboo.

A man in a black uniform riding a white horse.

Two women and a black dog are standing in the living room.

Two people in a red canoe are reflected in the still water.

Close up of the headlights of an old blue car.

A car driving near a model building.

A blue and orange plane lowered its landing gear and flew.

A black and white cat lying on a blanket.

Buildings with temporary signs at the entrance of the parking lot.

A group of people sat around the table with food.

A couple sat on the sofa holding a baby.

A black and white cat lying on a blanket.

Black and white photos of love seats.

The background is the dining room.

A red and grey train is going through the tunnel.

Red double decker bus, hood open.

A man riding a white horse.

The background is the living room view of the dining room.

An orange cat is lying on a leather sofa.

A man wearing a bicycle helmet is talking on his mobile phone.

A subway train entering the station.

A bicycle is parked next to the shop.

Two people are standing on the beach.

The long haired black dog stood on the grass.

There is a small table with chairs near the laundry.

The red double decker bus runs on the street.

A goose flapping its wings in the water.

The boy and the dog are lying on the sofa.

A black-and-white photograph of a cat lying on a carpet.

A large jet on the ground of the airport.

Two women are sitting in a cafe.

Eight harp beers lined the floor.

A child smiling at the camera.

A woman on a brown horse.

A photograph of a television screen showing a movie.

A bird perched on a flowerpot.

The white cat sitting in the sink.

A young woman on horseback.

Two people are driving a boat.

Birds on small branches.

Two animals are sitting on a rock.

Two cats sat behind the sofa and looked out of the window.

Two young women cut sheep.

The young rider rode a brown horse.

Six people sat at the dining room table, facing the camera.

A little white lamb with its nose to the wood.

A young girl on a white and gray horse.

A black dog stands next to the materials at the construction site.

A bird flapped its wings in the water.

A black and white cat lying on a blanket.

A young woman on horseback.

A plane ready to take off.

A white leather sofa with a wallet and a blanket on it.

A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.

The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.

A couple was holding a child.

A bird that feeds from a feeder.

Close up of a black headed white sheep.

A little boy and a dog are lying on the sofa.

A red bird perched on the tree.

Two buses stopped in the street.

A black and white dog is looking at the camera.

The train is on the track.

The large silver locomotive engine in the shed.

The woman sitting at the table drinking, with a basketball picture in the background.

Green steam engine running on the railway track.

A red car on top of a semi truck.

The man posed for a picture in front of the train.

A person riding a black bicycle riding black and red racing cars.

The kitchen sink and countertop have bowls on the shelf.

A TV set in a messy room with several bookcases.

A black and white cat was lying on its side on a purple blanket.

A woman riding a bicycle on a big concrete floor.

Two cows are standing in a field.

A bald man met the nose of a black horse on the other side of the fence.

A man was standing next to a yellow sports car.

Black and white photos of cows in the cowshed.

Double decker bus with London Eye Ferris wheel in the background.

A yellow and black bird ate from the bird feeder.

A man was standing in front of the train.

A small plane parked at the airport, the sky overhead is cloudy.

A ship is on the water near a small plane.

A man riding a white horse in the arena.

Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.

A black and white cat sat on a brown chair and looked up.

A sheep standing in the distance.

A group of old people sat around the table.

Three women with brown hair were laughing.

A black and white photograph of an empty railway station.

Two dogs look forward in a kennel with a fence.

A black and white cow looked through the fence.

A few motorcyclists on the market square.

Close up of sheep on the grass.

A domestic cat lying behind the litter.

Two green birds flew to a wooden pole.

One person is sitting on the motorcycle, and one person is standing beside.

Three cows are grazing in the field.

A blue bird perched on the gloved hand.

The baby was carrying a packet of ketchup.

A close-up view of the horse's head.

The train is at the railway station.

A dark brown horse stood in the field.

A cat lying on a wooden beam looked up at the camera.

The blackbird sat on the ground.

A brown bird was feeding from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.

A pair of dogs playing with purple balls.

A bird fell into the water.

Three children stand on or near the fence.

A black dog emerged from the water with a white ball in its mouth.

A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband is posing

A brown dog digs a hole in front of the plant

Brown and white dogs swim in the swimming pool.

A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.

A black and white dog was running in the woods.

Two dogs are running on the grass.

A young girl holds a peace sign.

A man was suspended from a cliff on the water by a rope.

A man squatting with a camera.

A man riding a bicycle along a narrow path.

A man in an orange coat was talking to another man while walking in the snow.

A dog jumped up in the air to catch a toy.

The brown dog lying on the blue cover.

The two boys are playing in the field.

Two dogs are running on the grass.

A boy with a broken arm is resting in bed.

Boy playing skateboard

Three dogs are playing in the snow.

A little girl with a ribbon in her hair was picking her nose.

A young girl came down the slide.

Many people take part in bicycle races, including a man riding a tricycle.

A group of people wore rabbit ears.

A dog in a Superman shirt sleeps on a blanket.

The white and brown dogs are running on the grass.

A brown dog put its paw on the keyboard of a laptop computer.

A young girl with glasses sat holding two American flags.

A white and brown puppy is jumping over a horizontal bar.

Two dogs are running on the grass.

A man was swinging on the water with a rope.

Two Asian men and women were sitting on black massage chairs.

The girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.

An elderly man was standing outside in front of a truck.

Smiling people have reflective lessons.

Five people standing on the sidewalk

The white dog is running on the snow.

A little boy in a brown jacket was playing with snow.

A man was picking up a big stone.

A white and brown dog is running on the grass.

A man was carrying a tool box on the sidewalk.

A man wearing a t-shirt with the words "gigolo" stood in front of the counter and talked to others.

There are tents and campsites in the sunny forest.

Two big dogs are running on the grass.

A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.

A man who plays catch with two brown dogs.

A dog was running on the beach with a stick in its mouth.

A man was standing in the water near the waterfall.

A brown dog jumped up to catch a tennis ball.

The man is diving into the water.

A woman in a black shirt stood in front of the bananas at the fruit stand.

A child is jumping into the swimming pool.

A little boy jumped from one chair to the other.

A girl was waving her long wet hair in the lake.

Two dogs are playing on the shore.

A little girl walks on a wooden road with a blue dome in the background.

Two women sat on the bench, their faces hazy. One was carrying an inflatable tiger, and the other was wearing a Disney snow-white costume.

A boy and two girls are smiling at the camera.

A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.

A black poodle is playing in the snow.

Two girls holding a scary movie flyer

Three boys are running and playing games on the beach.

A girl was wearing a purple belt and matching skirt.

A man in a gray jacket was standing on the side of the street.

A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.

The brown dog ran through the leaves.

A black and white dog is jumping into the swimming pool.

A black and white dog had a stick in its mouth.

A deer jumped the fence.

A little girl was holding a stick.

A black dog jumped over the water.

A group of people were in front of a red fire engine.

A boy jumped into the blue pool.

A blond dog was carrying a ball in the snow.

Three children were laughing on the floor.

A man with a fishing rod sat near a piece of water.

A woman and a dog are standing on the grass.

A man in a blue shirt is running in the stadium.

A black dog running in the water.

The children are jumping on the trampoline.

A big brown dog squatted on the grass.

A dog is running on the grass.

Skiers galloped through the snow.

Two people are playing golf on the golf course.

A boy and a girl are playing on the beach.

The child in the red coat is lying on the red mat.

Two dogs are playing on the grass.

A child chasing football in a blue and white uniform.

A softball player swinging on the court.

A man is surfing a kite away from the camera.

A black dog is running on the grass.

A little boy and a little girl are playing outside.

Two people sat at the end of the dock.

There are two dogs in the yard.

A man chased a dog trying to enter the game area through an obstacle.

The big brown and white dog ran in the snow.

A bloody man and woman posed for a photo.

A yellow dog is playing on the grass near the flowers.

A boy was playing with noodles by the pool.

Two big brown dogs are running in the snow.

A little boy jumped into the swimming pool with his arms outstretched.

A girl held up a yellow balloon animal.

Two dogs share a toy in a piece of vegetation.

A blonde lady in white posed for the camera.

A dog is chasing a ball in the field.

Two girls are sitting in front of the statue.

A girl in orange lit a candle.

A white dog walks through a yellow flower.

The baby sitting on the crib reached out and touched a big boy's face.

A dog is shaking water.

The young boy ran on the sidewalk.

A child slid down the orange slide.

A black and white dog went through some red and white pillars

Three people pose on the skis behind the "No Skiing" sign.

A man in a white suit was walking down the street with a newspaper.

A blue collar black dog is running in the snow.

A dog ran towards the camera.

A boy on the swing.

A group of young people are swimming in the lake

A blue and white football team.

A brown dog was about to catch a green Frisbee.

A black and white dog is swimming in a big green lake.

Two big black dogs are playing on the grass.

The brown and black dogs galloped on the snow.

The man in the backpack looked to the left.

An old man in a blue shirt holds a painting.

Two thin boys are playing with sand in the water.

A puppy ran across the obstacle track.

A brown dog is running in the woods.

A group of people stood by the window looking.

A dog jumps over obstacles in a agility contest.

Three people compete on skates.

Two female contestants walked their dogs at the dog show.

Two people on the side of the barge

A brown dog is running on the grass.

A man was riding his bike on the path beside the woods.

A woman in a black dress smiled in front of a silver truck.

A dog is near a ball on the beach.

A dog is jumping on the brown grass.

A woman playing with two little boys in the park

A dog came out of the water with a stick in its mouth.

Three dogs are playing in the snow.

The dog had a leash in its mouth.

A man in jeans was playing with a ball, while a woman in jeans stood looking away.

A skier is falling into the snow.

A dog with a red toy in its mouth.

Two hockey players were fighting on the ice.

Two puppies are playing on the wooden floor at home.

Two dogs are running in the field.

A man in a gray suit locked his bike

A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.

A dog that jumps over obstacles.

Two people are installing some electronic equipment

A black dog was walking on the grass with a stick in its mouth.

A girl was running in a dry field with her dog.

Two dogs are playing in the snow.

A dog jumped off the dock and into the water.

A group of old people walking along the street

Three dogs were standing in the snow beside the blue fence.

A black and white dog is running in the field.

A boy in black waved his arms, while others were behind him.

An old woman rode her bicycle along the city street.

A little boy is playing a yellow ball.

A group of young ballet dancers are in the dance studio.

A little boy in a white shirt was playing on the grass.

A man and a dog are having a tug of war.

A wet child was shivering under the towel by the swimming pool.

A white dog is running on the beach.

Six dogs are running on the beach.

A man grabbed the handle in the water.

A white dog is walking in the snow.

The white and brown dogs are running on the grass.

A boy came down the inflatable slide.

Two dogs are playing ball in the puddle.

Three dogs are playing in the water.

Two dogs are playing in the snow.

A girl was bending back on the beach.

Two dogs are playing in the snow.

Two surfers ride the small waves.

The two men were walking on the beach at sunset.

Two puppies are playing on the grass

A young girl sat on Santa's lap.

A black and white dog ran with its mouth open.

A little boy jumping in the air on the beach.

Five men in tuxedos are coming down the steps.

Men in red shorts and white shirts play football.

People and dogs on the rocky coast.

The brown dog splashed into the water.

The smiling woman on the beach was buried by seaweed.

A dog with big ears had a small stick in its mouth.

The big brown dog is jumping on the high grass.

The two dogs were fighting in the snow.

A brown dog was chasing a dirty tennis ball in the middle of a row of dogs.

A grey hound is moving on the grass.

Two people were driving an off-road motorcycle in the mud.

The man sat on the top of a rocky mountain.

A man standing on the boat is pulling another boat close with a bamboo stick.

A man plays his white guitar.

A man and a dog were skiing on the mountain.

Two shirtless young men were playing in the water.

Close up of hummingbirds.

A woman in a black dress is walking in the street.

A man and a woman looked at the camera.

The brown dog ran on the dirty muddy grass

Three dogs pulled a cyclist across the snow.

A baby in a red hat was sitting in the stroller with a doll in his hand.

The three children were playing with hay outside, throwing some at the camera.

A climber was standing on the rock, next to the pink rope.

A black dog with an orange collar got entangled in the fishing line.

Two dogs are playing in the soil.

A golden dog is running on the grass.

A dog is running on the grass.

A man in red shorts was walking on a rock near the river with a stick.

A rower.

Three dogs are running on the track.

A black and brown dog walks in the snow near a building.

A dog chased a duck into the swimming pool.

Dogs running in the forest in winter

The girl is playing with the images on the big screen.

Many people run in the street.

A man in swimming trunks is standing on some rocks.

Two white dogs are walking in the snow.

A woman in a pink shirt jumps in the air, stretching her arms and legs to both sides.

A dog is running on the grass.

A dog running on the beach

A woman is trying to ride a small wave.

The black and white dog is swimming in the river.

A man stands on a jagged rock near the ocean.

A girl in wet black and blue is surfing.

The lady is leading a dog through an obstacle.

Two dogs on the beach.

A little boy was standing on the grey tiles.

The dog is running with food in its mouth.

Two dogs are running on the beach.

A black and white dog is swimming in the swimming pool

A dog's head is in a red and green gift bag.

A yellow shirted man with a golden sun mask.

A man is climbing on a steep rock surface supported by ropes.

Children with hands on their heads.

A man in an orange vest was canoeing in the blue water.

An old man in a black windbreaker was standing in the market.

A person who climbs a cliff.

Two girls in pajamas seemed to be dancing.

A white and brown dog is playing with a black toy.

A boy plays baseball.

A boy in a red shirt led a furry dog across the grass.

A black dog was found in the snow.

A smiling man and a baby girl are posing for photos.

A dog jumps a Frisbee in the snow.

A black and white dog with a pink collar barked at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.

Two brown dogs are biting each other.

A skateboarder tried to play tricks on the edge of the low wall.

A young girl did a back flip in the water.

A list of snowboarders rode their skis on a railing beside a step.

A woman and two men in hats were socializing outside.

A little boy in a bathrobe sat on a metal chair.

A black dog is running in the snow.

A group of teenagers are dancing on the wooden floor.

A little boy is riding a bike.

A black dog running in the snow.

Three dogs are in the snow by the fence.

A girl ran along the river bank with two black dogs.

A teenage girl was running on the beach, shouting, and an elderly man walked behind her.

A black and white dog walks beside a skateboard man.

A person who rides a surfboard on the waves.

The man in red shirt is climbing the mountain.

A man riding a motorcycle in a black uniform.

A black dog is swimming in the river.

A man and a woman are laughing.

A man stands on a rock or mountain top to watch the sunset.

Two little girls are playing on the trampoline.

The two girls jumped high in the air.

The woman with the black purse is smoking.

A dog is running on the grass.

A man with long hair was looking through the camera.

The brown dog is running on the grass.

Two people in hats sat looking at the camera.

Two girls are playing with people and flowers in the back.

A girl in a pink shirt stretched her limbs in mid air.

A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.

The children were sliding in the snow.

Three dogs are playing in the water.

A white dog running on the beach.

A little girl with her hands hanging in the air sat on the back of a man who was lying on a blanket.

A red and white car racing on a muddy track.

A black and white dog is running in the dairy.

A man in a straw hat covered his mobile phone while walking on the busy sidewalk.

A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.

A dog is swimming in the water.

A white curly haired dog ran across the sidewalk with a stick in its mouth.

The blonde wore a black American flag plaid hat.

A man is holding the website in the water.

A woman in a red sportswear squeezed lemons at a news conference.

A man walked down the street with two dogs

A dog is running in the snow.

A little boy playing in the snow.

A woman in a blue shirt and brown shorts sat at the table.

The white dog running in the snow

The black dog is running in the snow.

A dog in a green sweater and backpack is walking on the snow.

A group of people sitting around the table.

Three dogs are running in the field.

A man and a woman standing next to the Christmas tree with their chin on each other.

There is a stick in the black and white dog's paw.

A white dog is running in the snow

A person who skis on a snowy mountain. The background is the mountain

A cyclist was nesting by the river.

Skiers going down the snow mountain.

Two dogs are running on the grass.

A man was spraying liquid with a long hose on the beach.

A man in a red vest was touching another man's blue skates.

A girl was upside down on a trampoline.

A smiling woman standing in front of a tree.

A boy did a back somersault in the swimming pool.

The three little boys covered themselves with bubbles.

The boy looked up at the girl, and the other girl ignored them.

A blue collar black dog is running in the snow.

A bird is sitting in a tree.

A brown dog was gnawing at an orange ball.

A brown dog jumped into the air to catch the ball.

A child is walking from one picnic table to another.

A dog in the snow.

Darma running along the beach.

A dog running in the snow.

Four black dogs ran across the grass.

A man in red and black is playing football with his head.

A brown dog is walking on the grass.

A woman put her baby on a skateboard on the beach.

A black dog was playfully biting a light brown dog's ear.

The beagle walks on the beach at the waterline.

The black and white dog is running on the grass.

Two dogs are running in the snow, and one is holding a tennis ball.

A black dog was walking on the grass with a stick in its mouth.

A man walks towards a policeman standing on a pedestrian crossing in a city street.

A black dog and a white dog are playing in the street.

A big black and white dog is swimming in the water.

A little boy wore a clown with a leaky spoon on his head.

Two construction workers sit on the beam to rest.

A man and a woman are laughing.

A black and white dog is running in the field.

The children were playing in the swimming pool while two adult men were watching.

Two children splashed in the water.

The brown and white dog walked in the shallow water.

A woman is reading on public transport.

A bulldog was running in the grass park, with people standing behind.

A little boy riding a bicycle on a brick road

The young man is skating in the skateboard park.

A girl jumped rope on the sidewalk near the parking lot.

When the sun went down, I was alone in the water on the beach.

A dog jumped in mid air to catch a Frisbee.

The dog returned the toy to its owner.

Two females jumped off the swing.

A woman and a young girl were taking a picture with a bear statue in front of a shop.

A shirtless man playing football on the lawn.

A girl in green was twisting something in her hand.

A man in a red jacket held up his bike for a photo.

A boy jumped into a less crowded public swimming pool.

The clowns are posing for the camera.

Four children jumped into the swimming pool hand in hand.

A boy was pushing a carriage with two pumpkins.

Two football players competed for the ball in a fierce match.

The black dog is walking on the high grass.

Two black dogs are playing in the snow.

The dog jumped the chain.

A girl with a black purse sat on a wooden stool.

A black and yellow dog

Three children are in a ball pit.

A big white and gray dog was walking through a yellow tunnel on the obstacle track.

A swimmer is doing backstroke in the swimming pool.

A man was riding a bicycle on a rocky path by the lake.

A brown dog is running in the green grass.

A white puppy and a brown puppy are playing on the grass.

A woman holds a dog while another dog stands in a nearby field.

A black dog walking in the water.

A black dog is running in the snow.

A woman in green is playing with her tan dog.

Two homeless people stood outside with a cardboard sign in their hands.

A brown dog was wading in the water.

A man wearing an orange shirt and a white helmet is riding a bicycle.

A little boy was standing before the wedding party, smiling.

People on snowmobiles.

The man stood on the bank and hit the ball with an oar.

The photo above shows two men resting.

Two brown dogs running together on the beach

A black dog is chasing a red frisbee.

Two girls with ponytails are riding in the playground.

A dog digging in the sand.

Two men sat on the sidewalk in front of the shop.

A black and white spotted dog jumped over a stream.

A man riding a bmx bike.

Two dogs are running on the high grass.

A little white dog with a leash jumped behind a red ball.

A group of people standing outside the building.

A group of four children are dancing in the backyard.

A group of teenagers are jumping on the beach.

A boy waved around the flash.

In the evening, several people sat around the fire.

Two different breeds of brown and white dogs are playing on the beach.

One man and two women in vampire costume

Two boys, one wearing a hat, are on the playground.

Two dogs are playing in the snow.

One woman holds the child, one man looks at the child, and the other man holds the child.

A white furry dog ran in the pure white snow.

The woman with the newspaper.

A group of people playing brass instruments.

The two girls on the bank watched the people on the boat fishing.

A list of snowboarders jumped into the air.

A white dog with red ears was running in the snow.

A little girl and a little boy were holding hands on a shiny slide.

The children are playing football on the court.

A man jumps from one roof to another.

One child pulled another child, sitting in a red carriage, walking along the beach.

Owls spread their wings during the day.

A man in a blue hat sat on a stool under the tree.

A woman sang into a microphone while a man was playing his guitar.

Three sheep are grazing on the grass, and a dog is walking behind.

A cyclist was making his bike jump between two rocks.

A young girl in a pink hat with a yellow building in the background.

A girl in a pink dress rode her bicycle along the white picket fence.

A furry brown animal stood behind some plants.

A child in a red shirt was splashing on the beach waves with a black tailboard.

The brown and white dog is running in the field.

Two teenage girls, one smiling.

Two birds interact on the grass

Two hikers stood on the top of a snow mountain.

Two children are in a red flower field.

A young man jumped from a rock into a lake.

A little black dog is on the grass.

A woman in a kimono is looking at the camera.

A group of people are launching hot air balloons.

The children fought with swords.

A man is sailing on the sea.

Three dogs racing on the dirt track

The two men walked hand in hand in the field.

A brown dog chasing a Frisbee

A woman in red overalls stood on the sidewalk.

A dog was running in the leafy backyard.

Two puppies are playing on the grass

Two black and white dogs are playing outside.

Three dogs are running in the water.

A woman sitting alone against a brick wall

A brown dog with a stick in its mouth.

A young woman leaned over the plate while eating.

A man climbed up a snow mountain with their dog behind him.

A brown dog is sitting on the beach.

The diver dived into the water.

The man is riding his bike down the mountain.

A big gray dog was playing in the deep snow.

A man is riding a bike on the beach by the sea.

A dog is in the car.

A dog with floppy ears was walking towards the camera in the woods.

A brown dog shook the water off and splashed it everywhere.

A black and white dog is running on the beach.

Many Middle Easterners are sitting behind a blue truck.

A person who skis on a snowy mountain with two ski poles.

A woman was eating fish in a restaurant.

A child and two dogs are playing in the water.

A skateboarder who plays tricks on a stone wall.

People stand on escalators that move up.

A woman is leading her dog through agility training.

The white and brown dogs are shaking their ears.

Some children are clapping.

People blowing big bubbles.

Two people are sitting on the wharf near the water.

The hockey goalkeeper lies on the ice in front of the net.

A skier in blue snow pants was flying in the air near parachuting.

The brown dog is running along a grassy path.

The girl wore a blue striped shirt and roller skates.

A tattooed man in black was singing on a white guitar.

A dog running along the beach.

A pair of young men and women sitting on the bench outside were kissing.

A brown dog is jumping up and grabbing the green belt in its mouth.

A black dog is running on the grass.

A woman was sitting on the sidewalk with her mobile phone beside her ear.

Three dogs are playing on the grass.

A little boy is playing in the red ball pit.

Surfers on the waves.

The skater reaches the top of the ramp.

Two people in a running race.

The two children were walking along the path in the woods.

A black and white dog is running on the grass.

The two dogs ran side by side on the grass.

Two dogs urinate near the red fire hydrant.

A football player wearing dark equipment stretched out his arm and held a light football.

Two people are walking through some water.

A dog splashing in the water.

A group of people are walking along the sidewalk of the big city.

The dog is in the air above the grass.

A black dog is running in the water.

What are the girls waiting for in the subway.

The man and a little girl are sitting in the park.

A big brown dog was running with something green in its mouth

A group of people were running towards the shore on the boat.

A man was riding a skateboard in the air above the ramp.

A boy skates on a metal handrail at night.

A man was squeezing in through an opening in the surface of the rock.

The dog ran towards the camera with the ball in its mouth.

A young girl running on the beach.

A baseball player pitches.

A man was swinging on the water with a rope.

A young girl was wearing a mini mouse suit, and an older woman was walking on the sidewalk.

What about the testimony of a real healthcare professional?

Then the captain left.

The problems go far beyond that.

Negative recognition requirements.

I want to ask you a question: "Where is Marx?"

Do you want me to prove that you are female?

I am very satisfied with the medical use!

The price of what you need has gone up because of inflation.

The war in the Middle East.

Originally published in Vienna, how was it authoritarian?

Imagine a place with% white and% black.

There is no fair trial.

Nirvana and forgetting are completely different.

We British people think differently from Americans.

If you answer "yes" or "no", you can be straightforward.

On the whole, the earth has produced the food needed by one billion people.

By the way, he is late.

Hey, blue eyes, how's London?

But on the radio, I saw them call him white.

According to his girlfriend and Zimmerman, he did it.

My parents told me it's not good for you.

Nazi is the slang of NSWP.

I am against the death penalty.

Anyway, you are now.

They don't produce things that I can eat, wear and live.

Dick Short Matt Holliday is the landlord.

People use the law.

Interestingly, I have the same idea about some mathematics.

I have many years of "Neener Neener" rights, and I also use lettuce.

I will not use "you hate Jews" as a prefix or suffix.

I asked her if she wanted to go to the tree.

It still doesn't make sense.

More expensive house.

Martin said, "Why are you following me?"

Although the strength estimation of TAFB and SAB satellites is only t/

The fairy does not exist.

Do you want to know what's strange about me?

When can I compare homosexuality with developmental disabilities?

Conservatives, if you ask, the numbers will tilt to the right.

Before that article, you didn't mention PFA.

The creeping rose of NatKingCole is a container full of miracles.

Compared with the previous year.

I still like this program.

Their huge property is protected by the government.

What is the fundamental difference?

How did Germany get "punished" for WW's stupidity?

Z followed him and killed him.

I'm not angry. I'm disappointed.

We can't get rid of it!

Freedom of speech has consequences!

My parents told me it's not good for you.

If you could kill one and save four, would you?

This is not an imposition of morality.

It depends on how you define extremes.

At least Mexico is in California.

So, yes, we read the Bible to understand Christianity.

Ha ha ha!

So you yelled at me and refused to answer my questions?

You have too many rules, not too few.

Can you sign Lance Berkman before the end of the year?

Why are Thomas's books excluded?

Do you believe what the mainstream media say?

We are destined to explore.

Israel does not give to * * * and accepts it.

We are all containers full of miracles.

You bitch! A good friend from Ohio sent it to me.

However, the history of the Titanic can stand the test of evidence.

Can he really make money by advertising on Google?

They knew there was no gas chamber in the video.

Heat, maybe a record.

"Smart but distracted" has become "cured with medicine".

What is your definition of life?

There may be many things.

No extortion, no bribery, no money involved, he asked money to vote for him.

Dr. Neard's revised version.

Should I tell him how I feel?

Atlantic requirements.

You have no missile debris at the Pentagon.

Jane I pay the helpful guests at the party.

Any woman who wants birth control can get it.

Is growth legal?

Press one to avoid "making" English.

How do I like this program?

We are all containers full of miracles.

Does he have any supporters?

But finally, sovereignty?

This is not the answer.

The Nazis extended the validity of the pistol license from to.

But it can't be done without help.

Nobody needs to play.

I said he was not a person in the legal sense.

Have you seen Obama call for regulatory reform?

"The goblin does not exist."

I started last night, Chris.

Iran is also a signatory to the NPT and the IAEA.

The canyon does not exist.

The best way to get the money out is to go out of the hall.

I have the right of "Neener Neener" for many years, and I am usually well taken care of.

Dutch, has anyone received a letter from Dutch?

The expansion form of commodity value.

You are a Christian.

Today's simple facts?

Morality has nothing to do with it!

"Oh, you are a good man!

Fern, I think this story is stupid.

It is expected that no cyclone will form in the next few hours.

Don't you understand the meaning of this word string?

There is no freedom of religion.

The savior of all the texts originally published by Sorivetis was one.

How long after doodling, should children return to school?

Men and women are different.

A double jeopardy would invalidate the jury.

Let me see this clever boy.

Isn't religious fiction long and repetitive?

Originally released by Anabelle, what was the problem?

The sound of Nell's diamond explosion is a container full of miracles.

Some people fully trust those who manage these institutions.

Loose changes were initially fictitious.

If this is not life, then it cannot be born.

GL, the terrace is great.

Suppose we have% white and% black.

Freedom of speech has consequences!

The fairy does not exist.

If so, that is why they are not true.

-Don't mention it. Don't do anything.

"Opposing nuclear weapons" does not mean "not wanting to use nuclear weapons".

My niece married a black man.

Britain has only a million people.

I killed the sheriff. We are all miraculous ships.

I hope it's nothing.

I accepted Velociaptor's money.

Do you really believe everything Terrell wrote?

What not to sell?

I know I don't want to be him.

No weapons.

This is too stupid. It must be true.

What is personal responsibility?

Did you notice?

I think I pulled him out of the census with my hat on.

How does it lean against the bush?

If this is not nonsense, it is not homeopathy.

I never accused him of overdosing milligrams.

The rescue operation is more important than TARP Bloomberg News.

My parents told me it's not good for you.

His position was that it was a personal risk.

Atlantic requirements.

More: Have you met people who support abortion?

I have no problem with the rich!

Nixon, Ford and Carter closed the battlefield?

I don't want a president who cares about it.

He doesn't need to be killed by the brain.

There is no evidence of missiles.

My teacher told me it was not good for you.

I'm pregnant.

So he is not omnipotent.

The dog wears an aluminum hat on his face. What size do you wear?

Like the year he died of marijuana.

If you jump up and hit the ball, you will be punished.

All the electricity comes from the battery.

Do you know how many passengers testified or what they said?

Imagine a place with% men and% women.

Scenario A assumes a co growth rate acceleration of%/year.

Because of the recent decline, they actually show a cooling trend.

We are all containers full of miracles.

Once again, they have no previous sovereignty.

However, those who are disengaged and totally distrustful will not.

Mainly Dutch.

We're still talking about angels and ordinary pins, right?

When did I say about Trevor's role?

How much does PP charge for abortion service?

Why is there such a transaction?

There is no oocyte after fertilization.

-Welcome back!

More fact finding: I don't know why anyone would make a fuss about the dollar bet.

If you haven't filed a claim, just say so.

Thatcher could not call himself a liberal.

The question is not who has the money.

But do you really believe there are icebergs in these waters?

This is not an astronomer or an oriole. The bad days of oriole games are frozen for me.

If so, many policemen should take prescription drugs.

Tell us what the charges are.

They are mentally ill.

Those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.

This is not a war deployment.

The plural of Nutrax anecdotes is not a data. Do gentlemen need a accompaniment?

I just went in.

H and I read some books and thought that the film was shot too fast.

But this is not Merlock's scene.

Lucille Andre, so Lyndon Johnson and John F. Kennedy are compatible?

You must make up your mind.

The man who goes home to sleep.

-The pizza doctor and I forgot that you are a grouch.

The point of contention is that Einstein did not go to college.

Capital gains, maximum ratio:%.

Good is unacceptable.

He hasn't been joking for years.

If the universe has an explanation for its existence, that explanation is God.

What is our reward for fighting for them?

But this does not prevent a joking wedding.

If they were Jews, I would call them Jews.

She is a noble lady.

He is not rich because he succeeded.

Not as much as you.

This is common sense/deductive reasoning.

You did it. We have a Muslim in our office.

I said she didn't need to be an employee.

As far as I know, Dream Technology has never ejaculated.

I didn't say we had been weak since Rand.

We all believe that we have got what we want.

Ben, don't apologize for that man again.

Unless different countries have different situations?

The new research can't confirm your claim.

He said so at all levels.

Morality does not exist, so technically speaking, nothing is morally incorrect.

I think most of them are Dutch.

Johnny Matisse's toy world is a container full of miracles.

Let's go to court.

Joining a gang is not a crime.

I want to make a deal with Iran.

Yes, they are all different.

This is not an imposition of morality.

Has Anne ever used such sexual desire?

Pure communism: You have two cows.

You should respect scientists.

What are they trying to hide?

You are partly responsible for their deaths.

"Are you willing to pay for medical care for others?"

They do not have sovereignty as they used to.

I don't think Obama is one of these two evils.

Or Jim Cross, we are all containers full of miracles.

In fact, a helpless child was murdered.

Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"

I have a question.

If I get angry, it will appear in one of the scans.

If you want to buy $100 million of common stock from XYZ Co., Ltd., who cares?

At Mexico's current level of prosperity, there are 1 billion people in the world.

If you answer "yes" or "no", you can be straightforward.

Sometimes I fantasize about power.

My parents told me it's not good for you.

Atlas shrugged. He was also a complete fool.

How could Martin not know if he did not?

Regulation involves everything of the government.

This is common sense/deductive reasoning.

Yes, in my argument, I think all packaging is recyclable.

The invalidity of the jury does not mean that the law is unconstitutional.

It's just a bunch of cells.

All Mann's work is math.

I'm sorry to hear that, Kelly.

I don't like flavored beer.

I hope everything is fine!

Any woman who wants birth control can get it.

Did you see Hitler kill Jews?

I'm your friend, Mitt.

This means that this is a choice.

You must reread what I wrote.

Suppose we have% white and% black.

Mother rushed in and said, "What's that noise?"

My best bet is that my ex fiance Kurt won't use VA or Navy Doctor.

The licensee submitted a three page letter.

Lusig Andre, Lusig agrees.

This eclipses the past.

Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"

I don't know how legal it is, but I heard that he committed suicide.

For most people, isn't the parliamentary tax already frozen?

You have bad breath.

Is that how it works?

Inhale, exhale, continue.

Wait for them to become more consistent and tight.

Obama is a far left.

Frank Apisa, it's up to you.

The invalidity of the jury has nothing to do with the constitutionality of the law.

What were you talking about?

So I really read this article and guess what I found.

The government will not decide whether you marry.

Democracy is a threat to freedom.

How many lines are you going to write?

What system is broken?

O Re emphasize that marriage is a basic human right.

Why are the Russians in Damascus?

Yes, this is dilution.

Yes, I don't think it is controversial.

The chaos of action is just people voting.

Originally published by Jond Double.

We are all containers full of miracles.

Once again, they have no previous sovereignty.

Morality has nothing to do with it!

I'm talking to my dear brother Will Cornell West.

There is no war in the Middle East.

He had no intention of arresting her.

We are all containers full of miracles.

You are "a group of cells"

What is a maid?

Does jury invalidity mean that the law is unconstitutional?

He is no longer the same.

It is the responsibility of product manufacturers to convince consumers that they are safe.

I don't think you realize the importance of entrepreneurship.

Cyclops do not exist.

"This is a mental illness. What do they teach you now?"

Langdon, today is Christmas. We are all containers full of miracles.

Bush's budget is terrible.

Sinners cannot go to heaven.

How long after doodling, should children return to school?

Holly is sacred. We are all containers full of miracles.

What is Chicago's "answer"?

All this makes no sense.

Who should operate the gas chamber?

Therefore, the explanation of the existence of the universe is God.

The genetic susceptibility to cancer is higher.

Did you notice?

Use of force to ensure personal safety

This is what the existing data shows.

To the world, we are all containers full of miracles.

I think most of them are Dutch.

I watched the children play.

David @ omsigdavid, I think Santorum is more likely than Gingrich.

They are looking at each other!

Are you driving?

I have a religious problem.

On the whole, I think his business interests in the United States will be better.

This is not a constitutional issue.

You idiots... you bought a blanket... a hook...

"What about pressing number one?"

What faith is this?

What was originally published by SpikdBoy was not a pious wish, but a reality.

I never said that healing wouldn't work.

Did Charlie Langer accuse anyone of watching this video?

Red October stands by.

This is not a legal memorandum.

No, none of this can explain the recent warming.

Stone told Captain Lord.

Systemic dialectics mainly focuses on timeliness, not timeliness.

Are you driving?

This happened in a Republican controlled state.

The fox pond is frozen.

Frank, Apisa, Frank, I look and feel.

It is not important for the government to decide what term pregnancy is required.

Put a little love in your heart, we are all containers full of miracles.

More than%, but not very high.

What not to sell?

God does not exist.

Inhale, exhale, continue.

This is a good indicator of climate change.

The biggest advantage of living here is space.

Ha ha ha!

I don't know how to ban freedom of speech.

This question must be raised.

You pretend to attach great importance to life.

Break into the post office.

I don't want a president who cares about it.

Is there any way to make it less conspicuous?

I never said that healing wouldn't work.

We are all containers full of miracles.

So we agree that this is basically a free fall?

Close people do not want women to choose abortion for themselves.

Then answer this question.

Haiti is a cesspit.

I think there is an iceberg in the water.

Frank expression: Worst of all, he is not even a fan of Ye!

I totally agree. I hope he can be re elected.

Jack is helping.

Is it possible that his house was hit and his school was not hit?

People are awake.

California is a cargo ship. I don't care what the article says.

Obviously, "the law is presumed to be the Constitution."

Florida, ignorance is yours!

I want justice for Trevor.

How do you know what is right and what is wrong?

Ha ha, ha ha, ha ha!

What Nugent said was an idiot.

This is Bush's fault.

You should stop using Jews you hate as prefixes or suffixes.

I missed the moment when he said that black people would rebel.

But you don't have to declare.

Proverb John the Baptist was born in Nazareth.

The belief that there is no work dies.

At Mexico's current level of prosperity, there are 1 billion people in the world.

Video seismic data is not equal to the duration of collapse.

You said it many times.

You may not like Obama's point of view, but he does.

But do you really believe there are icebergs in these waters?

Obama simply cannot win over conservatives.

Satan means indulgence, not abstinence!

As long as the sales tax is paid.

Repair?: Islam itself is not political.

March was also the day of the Chinese uprising.

I hope everything is fine!

Do you understand why it is absurd to limit this problem to Americans?

I saw UFOs over Warsaw.

It depends on the type of action that drives their current crazy agenda.

Do you agree that I didn't file a claim?

Zimmerman said he was hit by a car.

There is no "war" in the Middle East.

Part of supporting life is opposing legal abortion.

Capital gains, maximum ratio:%.

In the zombie season, we are all containers full of miracles.

No, I show you deliberately ignorant.

We are all containers full of miracles.

The question is not who has the money.

Unfortunately, Ford accepted the taxpayer's money.

Muslims will say the same to the Quran.

Your confusion doesn't mean I'm a liar.

When Christians are extreme, it's just religion.

Some people think it is important to be right.

Evolution is not opinion, not belief.

I'm not the one who claims to have the right to decide another woman's body.

Where is Ron Paul?

You have no missile debris at the Pentagon.

The main point you quoted should be: "I never said that healing will never work."

At Mexico's current level of prosperity, there are 1 billion people in the world.

My hair is beautiful.

But this does not prevent a joking wedding.

You seem to think that the poor are irresponsible for their actions.

Why is there such a transaction?

It's about luggage.

We are all containers full of miracles.

The question is not who has the money.

Why do you think owls don't participate?

LOL looks forward to seeing your integration!

Originally published by Jacko!

Thanks for starting the thread.

But this is not the case.

If I owe you money, I'll be in trouble.

(a) If there is no evidence supporting a certain position; That should be refused.

Others are at Mexico's current level of prosperity.

Bush's budget is terrible.

Haha, don't you need a test to drive in America?

We all think the film is good, but it's not confusing.

If God does not exist, is there a moral error?

If a law does not conflict with the Constitution, it is the Constitution.

It was originally published by Muslim girls. Sorry!

This is not your country.

Originally published by ZAF, I think the water in the middle will be different.

Kone started a game.

Editor Rusher: Edit to appropriately cover blasphemy.

The jury was not told that he was excluded.

Is there any evidence against the victim?

You don't use the search button very often, do you?

I don't think Paul has a chance.

In the zombie season, we are all containers full of miracles.

Did you notice?

What if they sabotage the search?

Especially the Baptist Church.

And most of the East Coast.

Why do you say Hebrew women?

Japanese troops attacked Hong Kong last night.

What is your definition of "vitality"?

This is not a direct responsibility to the voters.

Ideology is based on violent expansion, so yes, violent expansion.

Maybe an enema?

My last comment is that neglect has standardization effect.

This problem may well mean a corrective change before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.

William Donaldson, chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, said, "People have built confidence that the police are taking action."

The personal doctor of Burmese democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi said she would return home later Friday, but would still be detained after undergoing surgery in Yangon hospital.

Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment Thursday night.

In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 index rose, Britain's FTSE 100 index rose 0.7%, and Germany's DAX index rose 0.6%.

Senators John Kerry and Bob Graham declined the invitation to speak.

Page said that Y chromosome genes also affect gender differences in disease susceptibility.

One of the most profound aspects of temperament research is people's response to novelty.

However, in an earlier period, from 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., the butterfly moved southeast.

Dunlap sang "If I can" and won the swimsuit competition and the talent part of the competition.

South Asia is closely followed by 1.1 million infected young people, 62 per cent of whom are women.

An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five people.

Jerry Chesk, a spokesman for AAA, said that prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel transactions have mitigated the impact.

She filed a $125 million counterclaim, accusing Gruna and Hal of violating their contracts with her and excluding her from key editorial decisions.

The standard version is $15,000 per processor or $300 per designated user.

Earlier this year, Microsoft acquired ConnectX assets and virtual PCs.

Leon Williams' body was found in the third floor apartment at 196 Bay Street, Tompkinsville.

This is the first such exercise since the terrorist attacks in New York and Washington on September 11.

Urcelle Reisen confirmed that the bus was operated by her, but did not provide any details except for the different ages of passengers.

The expert group said that 17 cases had been confirmed in the southern city of Basra.

He will also visit Yemen and Bahrain during his visit to the region.

"At first glance, there seems to be no violation of the regulations," General Myers told reporters

In order to prove that the sacrifice of Milville's son will not end smoothly, Mayor James Quinn ordered the flag to be halved within 30 days.

Tom Kraynak, operations and resources manager of the Eastern Central Ohio Reliability Council, said this was one of the many cases investigated by investigators.

They found that these molecules are produced only when ozone breaks down cholesterol.

It can store more than 1GB of information, equivalent to 12 hours of music per cubic centimeter.

Earlier this month, RIM said it expected its second quarter profit to be between 7-11 cents per share.

According to the excerpt published yesterday, "To me, Lewinsky's chaos seems just another vicious scandal created by political opponents."

The Prosecutor reported that in 2001 and 2002, the total amount of wire transfers from four of the company's 40 accounts exceeded $3.2 billion.

This study was initiated by Stonebrook University in 1996. Previous studies have shown that there may be a link between electromagnetic fields and cancer.

Earlier, when Bashir arrived at his seat in a highly secure court, they defied the orders of the police and shouted: "Allah!"

James Howe, spokesman of Metropolitan Ambulance, said that after the incident yesterday, five people were sent to the hospital and three were treated at the scene.

But clearly, the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.

About 22% of people in their 20s are obese, 30 pounds higher than their normal weight.

Lover is an American version of a popular British comedy. There will be precious time at 9:30 on Thursday evening.

A few weeks later, his body was found in the Green River.

"The fighting lasted until midnight," Western rebel commander Usman Kulibali told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.

The data for August and July are the best since the survey began in August 1997.

American special forces are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the oil pipeline transporting crude oil from Colombia's second largest oil field.

"We need a certified pay as you go budget, which will be completed in mid July, or the school will be closed in September," Streyhorn said

Hartford shares rose $2.88 to $46.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.

DVD CCA then appealed to the State Supreme Court.

Country music station KKCS suspended two record horse races for violating the ban because a member of the organization criticized President George W. Bush.

Sovereign bank shares fell 74 cents, or 4.5 percent, to $15.68.

On Nasdaq, Aspen Technology shares fell 74 cents, or 23 percent, to $2.48.

The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or they will lose federal funds.

In addition, it provides a way for the United States and Israel to work around Arafat.

Yes, Marilyn Monroe is part of the story. The title is "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: Nobody is innocent".

Gilroy's police and FBI agents said Green was cooperating, but said Saturday that he did not disclose what had happened to the children.

Scrickner's body was found floating in the harbor bay. He and his wife lived on a yacht.

The protesters rushed to the stage, and Hatches ended his speech ahead of schedule after twice cutting off the microphone power.

At about 7 p.m., a passer-by found Ben hiding on a dirt road in Fox Valley, Spain. His hands were still sticky with tape, but his feet were not injured.

The doctor said that one or two boys might die. If they survived, they would cause brain damage.

Ralson, 31, from Fort Worth, Texas, also disappeared when he left the toll booth in another car.

Glaxosmithkline plc, the uk based company, said earlier this year that it would cut off the supply of canadian pharmacies destined for the us.

The festival began yesterday, a day after the Competition Commission made a final decision to the government on the  4.1 billion merger.

She said that he insisted, and finally she let him sit in the front of the car to repair the bike.

Daniels said that he did not know what Bush would say to him tonight, because the president's fundraising activities cost $2000 per person.

Late Friday, a jury of three judges from the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the photo was legal because of its small size, limited use and secularization.

At present, there are only 29 amphibian families, most of which were identified and described in the middle of the 19th century, and the last one was in 1926.

Officials at Brandeis University said it was a "very painful" moment for the campus.

Corel said the total value, including convertible securities, was about $124 million.

In 1983, he defeated Washington 27-17 in the Miami Super Cup.

Enterprise Linux services should be available by the end of the year.

Except for one-time items, the company realized a profit of 6 cents per share.

"But I doubt the President's motive for sitting at the table and pretending to be a soldier."

The S&P 500 index fell 3 points, or 0.30%, to close at 995.

Instead, the tickets for last night's sweater competition were sold through the conductor.

Earlier Monday, Grant Thornton Spa reiterated its previous statement, calling it a "victim of fraud.".

According to Peter Lehmann and Hal Varian of the Berkeley School of Information Management and Systems, information output grew at an annual rate of 30% from 1999 to 2002.

"In my opinion, 95% of the information should be decrypted rather than censored, so that the American people will know.

The researchers only found the cavity and scar tissue where the tumor was located.

However, Washington said more measures must first be taken to prevent complaints.

After 26 hours of surgery and a year of waiting, the boys were separated at the Children's Medical Center in Dallas on Sunday.

Mr. Song said that he would convene relevant Party organizations to discuss the issue of holding new elections or appointing temporary leaders within 10 days.

In Asian trading, the euro rose to US $1914 against the US dollar. At the opening of European trading, the euro fell slightly to US $1895 against the US dollar.

Abbas said at the summit that he would end "armed rebellion", abandon "terrorism against Israel" and disarm the militants.

Dr. Rod Gibbons, spokesman of the college, said: "The college is shocked and saddened.

Long axis shares rose $6.21, or 42%, to $20.90, up from $21.36 earlier.

Last week, his lawyer asked Warner to be lenient in cases that might lead to a new sentencing hearing.

"I think it should have been published a few years ago," said Brian Rob, whose son Daniel was killed in Colombia.

George Tenet, the director of the Central Intelligence Agency, said that both men "have dedication and courage".

However, one of the indicators closely watched by financial analysts was that software license revenue fell 21% to $107.6 million.

Mr. Dottson, now 21 years old, was arrested and charged on 21 July. He reportedly told the authorities that Danny was shot after trying to shoot.

The prosecutor argued that Mr. Dast planned the murder on the basis of Mr. Black's identity.

The PeopleSoft Board of Directors rejected Oracle's proposal and cited this objection.

Several leaders of the Black People's Democratic Party tried to hold a meeting with Terry McAuliffe, chairman of the Democratic National Committee, to discuss the issue of layoffs.

Giovanni Bisignani, CEO of the Geneva based organization, said in a statement: "This is a dark day for our industry."

The other seven countries of the initiative are the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.

On average, Americans travel four times a day, and 45% of them go shopping.

This is also a strategic victory, because Knights can choose to register with Google's services.

Several Florida officials received anonymous threat letters weeks before the execution.

Hoey confirmed the woman's age on Tuesday and said she and her family were on vacation.

According to a document obtained by the Associated Press, the Catholic diocese of Boston paid $55 million to resolve more than 500 cases of sexual abuse by clergy.

The three hour recording included conversations between police, firefighters and other rescue workers, as well as media inquiries.

The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32 from 4.18% to yield 4.14%.

But he is the only candidate who has won national labor support so far. On Tuesday, he joined his 11th trade union, which was supported by the United Steelworkers of America.

Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.

North American futures opened on Tuesday, and investors were ready to taste the taste of quarterly profits for the first time.

Broader market indicators also rose sharply for the fourth consecutive week.

Jim Frank celebrated his first Father's Day and won his first major golf tournament.

In 2001, they joined the trade union through the Lemelson Foundation for Health, Education and Research, Limited Partnership.

SIA expects that the DRAM market will grow by 2.9% in 2003, reaching US $15.7 billion, and by 43% in 2004, reaching US $22.5 billion.

At the ceremony, Muriel's wife Ellie cried and kissed Bondson's sister-in-law.

Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baukas refused to accept any difference in drug benefits.

In the first quarter of last year, the company achieved a profit of $16.2 million, 15 cents per share, and sales of $1.14 billion.

The NASDAQ closed at 1520.15 on Friday, up 17.27 points or 1.2% each week.

"It's a shameless threat to leave people on reserve," said a Republican who was present but did not want to be identified

No charges have been announced yet, but the statement said the charges would be filed on Monday.

The victim was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.

The Nasdaq Composite Index, led by technology stocks, rose 14.17 points, or 0.94%, to 1517.05.

But the document said that the FBI had never paid close attention to Bayumi, although it was reported that he was a Saudi agent.

Jim Santangelo, chairman of the joint committee of the Elmont 42 team, said: "This will happen.

He was released on $3 million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he filmed a video.

Analysts at Gartner say companies are not confident enough to upgrade their PCs.

On Tuesday, nearly 250 medical workers were quarantined.

Brian Brabanson said that his son would feel uncomfortable, but he would turn around and make friends with those who laughed at him.

The Nasdaq Composite Index, led by technology stocks, rose 1.16 points to 1504.04.

The NASDAQ Technology Composite Index fell 0.08 points to 1646.

He told the jury that Stubbs was a "cruel and cunning killer".

Similarly, the 30-year US Treasury note fell 1-11/32 from 4.30% to yield 4.38%.

The seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn department of the medical center of Akron Children's Hospital.

Malawi intelligence officials said that these people immediately took a chartered plane of Malawi Airlines to Botswana.

In exchange, North Korea will be asked to stop its nuclear weapons program.

"We condemn and condemn the US led board of directors," Moktada Sadr said.

Sendmail means that the system can even be configured for commercial use only.

This vulnerability is valid on non fixed Windows 2000 computers with Service Pack 3 and Service Pack 4.

In addition, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR fell 25/32 in price to yield 3.26 percent, lower than 3.17 percent

Technology stocks were affected by the bad news of Sun Microsystems, which is considered as a bad omen for the next fiscal quarter.

Coca Cola shares rose 6 cents to $44.42 on the New York Stock Exchange Wednesday afternoon.

Ernst&Young denies any wrongdoing and plans to fight these allegations.

Wolfowitz said that neither military action nor large-scale corruption can solve the North Korean problem.

Eugene Rogers, the driver, helped the children get off the bus, Wood said.

The Standard&Poor's 500 index rose 9.69 points, or 0.98%, to 994.53.

Guidant's shares fell sharply in trading on and off the New York Stock Exchange before the suspension of trading was announced later in the afternoon.

The third week of October was Monday, nearly a year after snipers in Washington began shooting.

Another household survey showed that the unemployment rate fell from 6.2% to 6.1% in August.

Research shows that the incidence rate of skin cancer in Norway and Sweden has tripled since the 1950s.

The judge also refused to postpone the trial on 29 September.

Although the opposition party welcomed the Cabinet's decision on antiretroviral treatment, it was pointed out that Manto Shabara Msimand, the Minister of Health, was unable to lead an awareness raising programme.

The sales director is responsible for supervising the purchase and development of products, and determining the sales direction or main representative of the company.

Archbishop spokesman Rev Christopher Cohen declined to comment Friday.

Several relatives of the Australian attack victims testified, but few Balinese people attended the hearing.

On 10 July, a team of 32 Singaporean policemen was sent to Baghdad.

The euro rose 0.67 percent to $1.784 EUR=after hitting a three-month high above $1.18 in the session

Previously, the company reported a profit of $12 million during the period, equivalent to 0 cents per share.

A coalition of movement groups, including the radical National Student Organization, supported the protests. The National Student Council ignored the court's order prohibiting demonstrations and called for demonstrations.

The company emphasizes increasing support. NET and J2EE provide services to their enterprise application environment (EAE) through their new mainframe.

Since joining the army in 1971, he has recorded a record 45 accidents and 393 deaths.

Ryan Harvey is a outfield player at ShaddingHigh School in Florida, and was selected as the sixth player by the Chicago Cubs.

Glover spoke at a press conference, which was attended by about 20 relatives of the victims.

Four other men were also indicted in June and pleaded guilty.

After Hurricane Isabel, federal and local authorities and schools were closed, and most of the region's transportation systems slowed.

The American Federation of Steel Workers, which he announced his support for yesterday, delivered a surprisingly warm speech.

The list, which will enter into force on 1 October, currently has approximately 50 million telephone numbers.

"About eight to ten seconds later, I hit it.

But Adora Obi Nguez, chairman of the National Anti Corruption Commission, said that the country only wanted to prove its suicide conclusion, not consider the possibility of murder.

Activists expressed concern that the gathering was an attempt by corporate agriculture to promote biotechnology crops in hungry countries.

Their contract will expire at 12:01 on Wednesday rather than 12:00 on Sunday, said Ryan Watten, a local director of 700 United Food and Commercial Workers.

The Nasdaq Composite Index, led by technology stocks, rose 39.39 points, or 2.2%, to close at 1826.33, down more than 2% on Tuesday.

Oklahoma's gas and power company says about 14000 customers in the region have lost power.

Now, Branca's 63 year old American husband, Roger Lawrence Strunk, is facing a murder charge released by the Philippine government in February, which considers him the main suspect.

The prince will succeed Sanford "Sandy" Will, who will continue to serve as the president of Citigroup.

Operating revenue was $1.45 billion, up from $1.38 billion last year.

The spot gold price was US $367.90/368.60 per ounce, reaching US $369.50 at 1000 GMT, the highest level since February 10.

In Canada, as the US dollar tries to keep above 75 cents, the prosperity of the US dollar will again become the focus.

But the judge ruled that the repeated interrogation of Martinez's police chief did not violate his rights under the Fifth Amendment.

The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 44 points, or 0.47%, to 9543, after rising for five consecutive days.

The center's president, Joseph Tosela, was shot in the head but was able to get into an ambulance.

The report ranked 45 major companies based on employment, marketing, purchasing, community reinvestment and charitable donations.

Parrish said, "I don't know whether the person I'm talking to will become someone else when they don't obey the rules."

Authorities say the 45 year old has not hired a lawyer for the murder.

The law, which was passed in 1999 but never took effect, will prohibit customers in bars and restaurants from turning on lights.

According to Sky News, an explosion in a Bali nightclub last year killed more than 200 people, and a suspect was tried in Indonesia today.

By 2040, the number of French retirees will increase from one fifth of the population to one third.

Iraqi police opened fire in the center of Baghdad today. Protesters rushed into a police station and asked them to do a job they claimed to have paid bribes.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 28 points, or 0.27%, to 10557, its highest level in 21 months.

In the same quarter last year, EDS announced a profit of $354 million, equivalent to 72 cents per share.

Microsoft fell 5% to $27.45 from $28.91 late Thursday before opening.

"It's very fast," said Matt Geller, global market analyst at CIBC

Rebels and government forces have been accused of looting villages in rural Liberia despite the peace agreement.

Microsoft has patented the Instant Messaging feature, which notifies users when they enter a message.

The arrest revealed new details of a four month investigation at Serensky's Olive Mountain House.

We intend to make a strong appeal, but we still hope that a solution can finally be reached.

Under Kansas law, sexual intercourse is illegal for children under the age of 16.

This transaction will increase Callebaut's revenue from 23% to 45%.

The Indonesian armed forces are often accused of violating human rights in the GAM's struggle for independence. Although they accuse separatists of violating human rights, they generally deny this.

The sanctions imposed by the United Nations on Saddam Hussein, the former President who occupied Kuwait in 1990, and the American expulsion war that ended in April have seriously damaged Iraq's economy.

The word refugee in the English/Turkish dictionary was also mentioned.

Most of the funds, about $65 billion, will be used for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.

Dolores Mahoy, 68, from Colorado Springs, Colorado, may get help with a bill being considered by Congress.

At the New York Stock Exchange, the number of stocks that fell earlier was about 8 to 5.

Next week's beauty contest in Italy may be the first perfect pixel color contest.

Analysts at Thomson's first conference call unanimously predicted a loss of $2.08 per share, excluding one-time items.

The board of directors of Boeing is expected to decide whether to sell the aircraft to the airline at its December meeting.

Bush said that the resistance forces against the survival of the United States "feel... as long as they can attack us there.

Defence lawyers said that the venue of the trial needed to be changed because many pre-trial advertisements had tarnished the jury's allegations against its clients.

Founded in 1996, the Loan Tree Exchange is composed of more than 200 banks, lenders and brokers.

From July 1, most taxpayers will receive unexpected tax cuts of $4 to $11 a week.

Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster department, said the bus was carrying 38 people.

This year, the average tuition of private four-year universities is US $19710, an increase of 6% over 2002.

The state unemployment rate fell to 6.4% from 6.7% in August.

In addition, safety lights were installed and police cleared traps on the ground.

However, when the enemy's position is determined, the American army will not shrink in the face of constant attacks and attacks.

Moore did not immediately comment Tuesday.

On 8 August, the judge ordered the State to take custody of the child.

But Ari Fleischer, a White House spokesman, said yesterday: "The Iranians said that the measures taken to capture Al Qaida were not enough."

The findings were presented at the American Thoracic Society meeting in Seattle on Tuesday and will be published in the New England Journal of Medicine on Thursday.

Chief Justices William H. Rehnquist and Clarence Thomas also joined in his objections.

Manchester United have already paid a $34 million fine to Manchester City for failing to meet their first round employment target.

Shelley's office reported Friday that it had received 575926 signatures.

Ali AliFleischer, the White House press secretary, said yesterday that Bush hoped to "see the plane land as the pilot sees it".

About 150 meters from the prison gate, Brent Newbury, chairman of the Rockland County Patrol Charity Association, stood with reporters and photographers.

"They were brutally beaten. It's really strange that Bokia was the only victim of this."

Federal official Rob O'Neill said, "The gloves have been taken off."

Pratt&Whitney said that 75% of the engine equipment will be outsourced to Europe, and the final assembly will be carried out in Germany.

Selwin Crawford, Colin McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson are the authors of Dallas News. COM contributed to this report.

The Working Committee will be the main obstacle to reaching this agreement.

The prosecutor filed a motion to inform Li that he intended to apply for the death penalty.

American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elijah Kazan and Blacklist: No one is innocent (married).

The plan includes raising sales tax and urban income tax.

These songs cost 99 cents each, and an album costs 9.99 dollars.

"Of course, what we know shows that we should take what they say very seriously," he added.

In the afternoon, Gillette's share price rose $1.45, or 4.5%, to $33.95 on the New York Stock Exchange.

San Diego based Jack In The Box shares rose 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, to close at $21.49 on the New York Stock Exchange.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose more than 140 points, breaking 9000 for the first time since December last year.

Homeland security officials announced Tuesday that the government has selected three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder launched missiles.

The Tamil party blamed the LTTE for these murders.

Two of them, Sandy Mitchell of Glasgow and William Sampson of Glasgow, faced the death penalty.

He urged Americans eager to wait patiently for the service, which aims to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.

Jordan Green, the priest's private lawyer, said he would not comment.

Mr. Hadley has a new partner and a new child. He said: "I'm very happy.

The destruction took place in Willow Canyon, one of the three areas of Santa Catalina Mountain. It was a fire that lasted for two weeks and burned 70000 acres of land.

"We don't want to stand by and let credit card lynching happen," said a representative of Major Irving (D-Brooklyn).

However, for most customers, kernel 2.6.0 will be available in a few months.

The S&P 500 index rose 2 points, or 0.24%, to 977.

Two officials initially reported that about 300 workers had been arrested in 61 stores in 21 states.

"This transaction makes sense for both companies," Hara said in a prepared statement.

The letter was signed by 57 senators, including 24 Republicans.

The health department of Mesa County reported another 5 cases of West Nile virus infection on Wednesday.

Manuel and his team entered the United States through the bridge connecting Matamoros and Brownsville.

According to NASA regulations, Mr. Yang can submit a reply and request a hearing in front of a NASA team.

At the beginning of his speech, the President acknowledged that there had been terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia, which killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.

"I'm proud of the citizens of this state," Governor John Baldach said after Tuesday's vote.

Among the first three candidates, Schwarzenegger won the race for independence and multiparty voters.

He will succeed Ron Dietmore, who announced his resignation on April 23.

Serrance was sentenced to seven years in prison for robbing the bank.

Virginia Kearns said that about 10 days ago, 87 year old Maddox fell into a life-saving hospital during intestinal surgery, and his ribs were broken.

Some Republicans criticized presidential candidate Graham for "politicizing" the report.

In 2002, Linksys replaced Cisco Systems as a leading wireless device supplier, accounting for 14.1% of total revenue.

Schools that have failed to meet the national goals for three consecutive years must provide counseling in addition to transfer.

Counterfeit drugs are very profitable. Many of the arrested people live in houses worth one million dollars.

Howard also expressed confidence in Hicks' judicial system.

Roger Vander Pool, Pinar County Sheriff, said a truck smuggler was chasing a pickup truck and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants.

The trial of 125 witnesses will continue until early 2004.

It is reported that these computers are located in the United States, Canada and South Korea.

This vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services versions, XP and 2000, and Windows Server 2003.

This additional contribution brings the total amount of food aid from the United States to North Korea this year to 100000 tons.

In 1998, the EU banned the import of genetically modified food; The United States is now asking the European Union to end the ban.

He expects Van der Poole to go public in the next five years.

Annika Sorenstam had the first opportunity to test this goal at the McDonald's LPGA Championship this week.

The S&P 500 index rose 3 points, or 0.39%, to 924.

Cisco has signed similar agreements with AT&T and SBC Communications. N and Sprint no

Harris and Clybold killed 12 students and one teacher before committing suicide on April 20, 1999.

Muqtada al Sadr said in the mosque's sermon: "We condemn the management committee led by the United States.

In a statement issued on Friday, 28 Chechen NGOs said they would boycott the vote.

According to the United States Census, the population of the state in 2000 was 6080485.

July 18: Herbert brings sexual assault charges against Kobe Bryant.

Jay Fischman, 51, President and CEO of Sao Paulo, will be the CEO of the merged company.

On the contrary, Vader decided that the cases of Meister accused of rape, sodomy, indecency and alcohol supply to minors should be submitted to military courts.

Dallas based Southwest Airlines said in a statement that similar results were found on another aircraft in Houston.

Rosenthal declined to comment on Garrett's situation on Tuesday, but said in a statement: "We had an important contract negotiation.

State employees returned to work Friday morning as power supplies resumed.

The NASDAQ index fell about 1.3% at the end of this month, ending a seven month winning streak.

The report was found on October 23 and hidden in an old three ring filing cabinet unrelated to the investigation.

On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it would temporarily close its offices in Baghdad and Basra.

Mr. Omuiragan was a member of the Irish Palestinian Solidarity Movement, which welcomed his release.

Glover said the killer made a "strange knot" in the tape used to strangle some of his victims.

She said that Jane Doe's lawyer asked Verison to conceal her name because she intended to challenge the subpoena.

In September, a 27 year old Singaporean researcher was infected with SARS while working in the laboratory.

Figures below 50 indicate contraction in manufacturing, while those above 50 indicate expansion.

A lawsuit has been filed to prevent the demolition of the Ten Commandments monument.

The British received $3.77 million in wages, bonuses and other remuneration, and Ginny earned $3.76 million.

Morris said that the truck was found in the Campbell Creek area, which is consistent with the description.

US President Powell and his FCC colleagues attended the hearing on Wednesday.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.3% to close at 9886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite gained 0.4% to close at 1986.97.

Tehran made it clear that it would only sign an additional protocol to introduce such inspections after lifting the ban on the import of Western civil nuclear technology.

Congress has passed similar restrictions twice, but both have been rejected by President Clinton.

But I prefer to talk about high standards rather than low standards.

Under this program, U.S. officials are working with foreign port authorities to identify, target, and search for high-risk cargo.

Nils told an interviewer in 1999 that he thought the old man would live much longer than him.

One of the captains, Doug MacDonald, was still in hospital on Thursday in critical condition.

On Wednesday, 154603 National Guard and Reserve soldiers from all over the world were recruited.

Over the past decade, telemarketing assistants have raised more than $7 million.

The remains of Warren Campbell, 32, and Jonathan Smith, 47, a climbing partner, were found at the foot of Arkiak Mountain later that morning.

Jagan has been living in a protection unit since he was transferred to prison on April 3.

The democratic program in 2000 supported the "full integration of gay families into national life".

Its share price fell 71 cents, or 3.5%, to $19.55 after business hours.

Hundreds of journalists and photographers gathered at the court premises before the trial and broadcast live on the national cable television network.

AMD's chip sales increased 7% year on year to $402 million.

Adopters said that Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed willing to help prepare for the 104th anniversary of Turner Memorial Church.

He is a diamond trump card in a group of maps, and Iraqi fugitives are sent to American troops.

Mr. Miodragivkovic of the Freedom League of Montenegro obtained 31% of the votes, while the independent party Dragan Hadukovich obtained 4% of the votes.

So far, Georgia has repaid all telegraphic transfers, only 70,000 dollars.

On May 22, Taiwan reported 65 new cases, setting a one-day record. On May 23, 55 new cases were reported, making Taiwan the fastest growing region in the world.

Sammy Sosa, the Cubs outfielder, was suspended for eight games for using cork sticks.

Half of the women took drugs every day and half took a placebo.

When the police took them out of the house, they weighed 136 pounds.

Although the Ibrahim underwent separation surgery, Dr. Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg planned to operate on the Aguirre three times every few weeks.

The company has expanded to provide other services to buyers, including payment services.

The explosion killed two people and injured more than 150.

In 2001, President Bush appointed Kathy Greg to the board of directors of the Student Loan Marketing Association.

Boston parish faced a series of scandals, which not only angered the supporters of the victims, but also angered parishioners and some priests.

A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered his detention without bail.

The Ministry's position may alienate social conservatives who support Ashcroft and President Bush politically.

South Africa is the most affected country in the world, with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.

In this position, Elias will report to Joetucci, President and CEO of EMC.

New Commander General Alonda Nyaklima, commander of the Massaka armored brigade, was promoted to major general.

Maillocks was created five years after Microsoft acquired WebTV for $425 million.

York announced that the Metropolitan Transportation Administration has two weeks to recover the fare of $1.50 and the previous commuter train fare.

"Today, we are trying to convey this issue to President Putin of Russia and President Bush of the United States. 

The state hopes to kill wolves in a 1700 square mile area near the village of McGrath.

Peterson told the police that he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, and then returned to an empty house.

The Federal Reserve's imperial survey exceeded expectations and rose to 26.8 in June from 10.6 in May, a record high.

Norman McKinley, the chief prosecutor, said: "There is evidence that there is one or more bodies in the area."

Robert Bennett, chairman of the board of directors, declined to comment on personnel issues on Tuesday, as did Mills.

General Geoffrey said that he would donate his military pay to a charity during his tenure in Ararumla.

Tampa Bay coach Lupinera, bench coach McLaren and right field player Aubrey Haff were kicked out of the game because of a quarrel. Haff was asked to go on strike to end the ninth game.

The joint venture has five refineries and more than 2100 gas stations in Russia and Ukraine.

Libeskind said that other changes in the plan complemented his original vision.

Peter Drucker, a representative of the Florida Democratic Party, criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.

There are currently 37 possible active ATM cases, compared with 70 on June 6.

SARS killed 296 people and infected more than 5200 people in Chinese Mainland.

The redesigned Finder also has search capabilities, color tags for customizing document and project organization, and dynamic Web navigation for Mac, Windows, and UNIX file servers.

Rich Marsden, the lawyer representing the torch concept, did not respond to repeated calls.

In 2001, he was voluntarily castrated and claimed that the operation deprived him of his sexual desire.

The S&P/S&P Composite Index rose 87.74 points this week, while the Risk Exchange Composite Index rose 44.49 points.

In turn, SUSE will allow the standard version of Java 2, while officially signing an existing protocol to distribute Sun's Java virtual machine to run Java applications.

On Sunday, there was a long queue outside the gas station. The Israelis were preparing to launch a strike that might paralyze the country. People were withdrawing money from ATMs.

The Nasdaq Composite Index, led by technology stocks, fell 3.99 points, or 0.2%, to 1682.72, after rising 55.93 points in the previous two days.

We don't know if there will be SARS, "said Dr. James Young, Ontario's public safety commissioner.

The revenue in this quarter exceeded expectations, with a year-on-year growth of 37% to 1.76 billion euros.

The company said it would publish revised guidelines for the whole year when it announced its second quarter results next month.

"We haven't decided to use continuous lines or dotted lines, but this is an experience worth introducing," said David Richardson, director of cricket in China.

After 38 years of career, including the war in Vietnam and the head of the United States peacekeeping operation in Bosnia, Xinshi retired on Wednesday.

The Ministry of Health also sends water and soil samples to the National Health Laboratory.

"But this does not mean that they have an obligation to do their best to protect civilians, which is not what we have seen.

Roland's lawyer Ross Garber said Tuesday that he would attend the meeting and asked to speak on the matter.

Previously, he only saw Java smiling face mechanics on TV.

Two years later, the cover will begin.

NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice is decreasing by nearly 10 percent every decade.

"Through all the tests, biotechnology products may be safer than traditional products," he added, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.

Kelly is a teacher certified by the National Committee. He has a master's degree and earns 65000 dollars at the age of 30.

In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said that ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although the date had not yet been set.

The epidemic began in Chinese Mainland's Guangdong Province in November, but the People's Republic of China refused to report the spread of the epidemic truthfully within four months.

Kant said Dreus would be charged with murder.

In contrast, $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, was paid in the same period last year.

Nick Makakis is a pitcher at Harris Junior College in Georgia.

We still hope that the city will agree to cooperate with us and have a sincere discussion on this issue.

Some women are also worried that many women will undergo plastic surgery in order to pursue the perfection of their bodies.

The notice was first issued by MSNBC on Friday.

However, there was no picture of Peter Hollingworth in the June edition reviewed by the Herald yesterday.

"We continue to cooperate with Saudi Arabia in this regard, but on the date of this tragic event, they did not provide the additional security assurances we requested. 

According to a statement from DEI, Green will temporarily drive the car at the Winston Open on the Lowe Highway next week.

Ferrero of Spain defeated Costa in the semi-finals last year.

Doctors speculate that estrogen in the body can protect cells from damage and improve blood flow.

The Nasdaq Composite gained 8.27 points, or 0.51%, to 1633.53.

Captain Michael Calbert, a spokesman for the group, said that no Americans were among the victims.

We think they have a choice.

"We found this smoking gun," said Scott Hubbard, a member of the investigation committee.

"This child has been ignored to the brink of death," said Scott Andreasi, the prosecutor of Armstrong County

Microsoft said on Friday that it would stop developing future versions of its Macintosh Internet browser due to competition from Apple's Safari browser.

Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear in court on July 3.

President Bush said Tuesday that he has raised a record $49.5 million for his re-election in the past three months, thanks to donations from 262000 Americans.

Officials in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan searched the body.

He said that European governments "have blocked all new organic crops out of unfounded and unscientific concerns.

The question is whether France will vote in favour or abstain because it actively opposes the mandate of the United Nations, which has angered Washington.

Lucerne County Prosecutor David Lupas said at a news conference Monday that the authorities "continue to make significant progress" in the case.

The Conference Board said that its latest business confidence index had risen to 60 after dropping to 53 in the first quarter survey.

Its legal representative began to meet with the plaintiff's lawyer last week to discuss the settlement.

The elderly will be required to pay 50% of the cost of drugs, up to $3450.

The fledgling entrepreneur announced the plan after meeting Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey in London.

Greenspan said in Congress on Tuesday that the US economy "is likely to enter a long-term growth period", after which the national debt was sold off.

For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connery), home means stability and family.

The report said that the non manufacturing activity index of the Institute of Supply Management unexpectedly rose in April.

Maria Cheng, a spokesman for WHO, said: "It looks like an isolated event.

The police said his two children stayed alone in the apartment for two days.

Pastor Johnston, 64, from 35 Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with serious harassment and illegal possession of weapons.

The settlement included $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.

Three negative votes will strangle him temporarily.

Some 660 prisoners are held in 42 countries, including Canada, many of whom were arrested during the war between Afghanistan and the Al Qaida network.

Contact Jonah. Dvorak, Kansas, please call (816) 234-7743 or email jdvorak@kctar. Common domain name format.

Prosecutor Jim Harding called the decision a victory for Catherine Peterson's family.

Now, he can say whatever he wants, "said Alesha Badgeley, the social director of Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center this week.

The National Episcopal Church has 2.3 million members. It is an American branch of the Episcopal Church, with 77 million members.

"I believe HP is no longer an integrated story," Fiorina said.

Earlier Tuesday, British police arrested 21 people suspected of discovering the body of an African boy on the Thames River.

Later that afternoon, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 12.81 points, or 0.1%, to close at 9331.77. It rose 201 points on Monday, the highest level since July 2002.

Eric Gagne scored the perfect ninth goal for the 23rd time on so many occasions.

Nasdaq shares closed at $32.17, slightly lower than the 52 week high and up $1.54.

Janice Kelly said that her husband was assured by a senior official of the Ministry of Defense that her name would not be disclosed.

If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a fine of $250000.

Last Friday, the spread of US corporate bond yields narrowed due to trading volatility, and Wall Street struggled to recover after the largest power outage in North America's history.

Hunter said that although the passengers were not told what had happened, the evacuation was progressing smoothly.

Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.

Mr. Wenshaw said that Mr. Smith said "Oh, my God" in a few seconds.

Kuli said he expected Mohammed to also attend Marvo's pre-trial as a witness.

"He really left us with a smile and didn't say a word," said his daughter Linda Hope.

It may also be permanently prohibited from entering the securities industry.

"They are an inspiring, selfless and courageous couple," said the Oscar winning director

The second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was shot in the chest, through the lungs.

In an interview, criminologist Healy admitted that most legislators here and across the country are cautious about the death penalty.

Franklin County Judge Theresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and sent to the Franklin Fort Regional Medical Center.

Police spokesman Brigadier General Edward Aristonan confirmed Saturday that two other people were arrested, one in Jakarta and the other in Magland, central Java.

Federal Judge William Gbagbo said Tuesday that he had received the highest sentence because the striker had no remorse for the brutal murder.

About 120 potential jurors were asked to fill out a long questionnaire.

Another five alternate jurors were elected, and the last one will be selected from the jurors on Friday morning.

The California Department of Agriculture did not immediately return calls for comment.

But the Prime Minister told the BBC that he was not interested in the polls and would continue to do what he thought was right.

General Sutler led a joint task force stationed in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.

According to Thomson's first call, Wall Street analysts expected 22 cents per share.

For three days, there has been strong speculation that HP might bid for the company.

The results of the study were published in the Medical Yearbook on July 1.

These measures can be approved by the full Senate as early as Friday.

Enron spokesman Eric Todd declined to comment on the mediation order.

Analysts from the labor department believe that the wage statistics in the enterprise survey provide more accurate economic conditions, because the survey data is based on a larger sample.

Her parents wanted her to live; Her husband said she didn't want to be saved.

Earlier, he told French Radio Internationale: "I think we can now describe what is happening as a real epidemic.

Terry Chiavo, 39, is expected to die in the next two weeks at a nursing home in Tampa, where she spent several years.

Before joining Kodak, Palenboro worked at P&G, where he operated Folgers, Pantene shampoo and other products.

Mr. McDeWitt oversees three key aspects of Solomon Islands security.

We were unable to reach officials on the Rockham Highway in North Carolina.

They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.

Tessa Creisler, a spokesman for Universal Rail, declined to comment.

In March this year, the union also held a five-day strike, forcing all but one of Yale's restaurants to close.

Rick Perry, a government official, said that although he opposed the expansion of the gambling industry, he was not prepared to veto the extension of the term of office of the gambling committee.

In the afternoon, the Nasdaq Composite Index rose 8.34 points, or 0.5%, to close at 1790.47.

In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler confronted American Representative Ernie Fletcher.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32 points, or about 1.1%, to 9011.53.

Enron 401 (k) covers about 20000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.

The United States Senate Judiciary Committee yesterday overcame a major obstacle by establishing a trust fund to cover the costs of asbestos exposed victims.

However, it did not indicate whether it would approve a budget of $117.4 billion for the biennium 2004-2005.

It is difficult to overestimate the potential risk of remote procedure call (RPC) vulnerabilities.

Skeptics say that although obesity increases the risk of health problems, so do smoking and hypercholesterolemia.

On Sunday, Michelle Wii defeated Verada Nilappen 1-0 at the 27th American Amateur Women's Public Liaison Championships.

Sony said the PSP will also be equipped with a 4.5 inch LCD screen and a memory key expansion slot.

At one of the three sampling sites in Huntington Beach, the bacterial survey on June 16 and 23 was 160 and 120, respectively.

The study found that in the past few decades, 10 fish were caught for every 100 long line hooks, and now they are lucky to catch one.

Carnival shares fell 72 cents, or 2.25 percent, to $31.29 at midday Wednesday.

But the Senate's criticism of the House plan on Tuesday came from many sources.

Therefore, Murphy tried to replace Streer's sister Ethel Selnick as trustee.

This provision prohibits groups from broadcasting advertisements that promote, support, attack or oppose candidates at any time.

Cisco cut spending to make up for falling sales.

Kansas City pays tribute to Chris Lubanski, a outfield player at Kendrick High School in Kennedy, Pennsylvania.

The pound fell 0.8 per cent against the dollar to $15875.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 41.61 points, or 0.44%, to 9415.82.

"From the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone cut wages.

Gayman said: "There are many signals missing from the bureaucracy and administrative departments, and no one here is responsible for this."

Divris stopped in town Wednesday and registered as a sex offender at the Soledad police station.

At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace Center is located near 25.6 degrees north latitude and 93.7 degrees west longitude, about 280 miles east southeast of Christie Coast.

On Saturday, the 149 mile/hour service against Agassi was tied with the world record of Rosicky.

The S&P 500 index rose 10 points, or 1.10%, to close at 943.

Heating oil futures for October fell 0.85 cents to 69.89 cents per gallon.

Levin confirmed that Cohen Allen tried to publicize this history during the World Cup.

Bankhead said that the crime scene showed that the murderer was "very orderly".

"This brings us closer to saying that the foam will cause such damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Colombian Accident Investigation Commission

Sean Sandwell, a Microsoft spokesman, said: "We have nothing to do with Stark employees' internal decisions."

Egyptian paleontologists on Tuesday challenged the claim that the mummy of Queen Neferti, one of Egypt's most famous ancient Egyptians, had been found.

The long-term plan of US Treasuries is to provide all retail buyers of Treasuries with the ability to manage their online assets in one account.

The police said that he was registered in Jinxian Hospital last night, and the situation was critical but stable.

The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 1-3/32 to yield 4.30%, down from 4.35% late Wednesday.

IAC shares fell $2.81, or 7.6%, to $34.19 yesterday.

In his speech to the Senate, Byrd said that he questioned "the motive of the President sitting at the table to speak in a samurai uniform".

The Ministry of Defence is processing 20 million claims from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim to have been raped by British soldiers.

Shares of Interactive US rose $2.28, or 7%, to $34.96 on Friday, while the Nasdaq Composite Index rose 53%.

Similar bills were passed twice in the House of Representatives, but both were passed in the Senate.

The suspension of the show had a penny impact on third quarter earnings per share.

Kansas state health officials said the woman was hospitalized on June 15.

Blue chip stocks fell slightly on Wednesday afternoon, as a wave of earnings warning dispelled some of the optimism that has driven the stock market up in the past three months.

The Nasdaq Composite gained 5.91 points, or 0.29%, to 2053.27.

The official said that two Kuwaitis with Jordanian passports and six Palestinians were suspects.

On April 21, her birthday was declared a legal holiday, and she attended the reception and dance.

Suo Jin was accused of conspiring to obstruct justice and lying to the grand jury and should have been tried alone.

The man entered the lakeside post office shortly before 3 p.m. and surrendered to the delegates at about 6.30 p.m.

According to the Ministry of Justice, fewer than 10 FBI offices have investigated mosque visits.

Outside the court, Sriato, who faces up to 25 years in prison, denied that he had done anything wrong.

"Our core values have not changed," University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's website.

Comcast Class A shares rose 8 cents to $30.50 when Nasdaq opened.

Rehnquist and Thomas, O'Connor and Scalia also participated in some activities.

Charles Weitherberg, a law professor at the University of California, Berkeley, said: "When you cross the border, you are violating constitutional rights."

According to the source, the preliminary report shows that the two were not seen together at the airport.

There were 64 suspected cases of SARS and 9 suspected cases in Toronto yesterday.

The Nasdaq Composite gained 13.70 points, or 0.8%, to 1700.34.

Toll, Australia's second largest airline, bought Tranz Railway last week for NZ $75 per share.

MessageLabs, which manages outsourced e-mail servers for 700000 customers worldwide, said that as of Thursday morning, it had filtered 27000 infected e-mails from 115 countries.

Carlson said Tuesday that he would not withdraw from the case.

Oracle shares also rose 12 cents to $13.60.

In all constituencies, Fletcher, a three term Lexington MP, obtained an overwhelming majority of 57%.

In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined on Wednesday after seven public hospital staff members developed flu symptoms.

On the other hand, Coca Cola Corp. announced earlier on Thursday that its profit will increase in this quarter, driven by European demand.

The unemployment rate rose by one tenth of a percentage point to 6.1 per cent, the highest level since July 1994.

As part of the transaction, Mr. Delaney agreed to cooperate in further investigation.

However, other sources close to the sale said that Vivendi was open to other offers and hoped to see bidders interested in personal assets join.

Micron announced its first quarterly profit in three years.

The fine is part of a failed attempt by Republicans to force or incite Democrats to return.

The NASDAQ Technology Composite Index rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, a 12 month high.

American prosecutors have arrested more than 130 people and detained more than 17 million dollars in the ongoing campaign against online fraud and abuse.

Chavez said that investigators believe they have "solved at least one fire".

The man, accused of hijacking a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April with an artificial grenade, was sentenced to 20 years in prison on Friday.

Jim Williams, the head of the US tourism project, said that by the middle of November, many passengers arriving in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.

The hearing was held the day after the Pentagon first appointed an official, Dalag, who did not deal with the scandal.

Pastor Peter Karanja, secretary of the Saints Cathedral in Nairobi, said that the Anglican Church "keeps a distance from the Anglican Communion".

Declining counties will be Julian, Posey and Madison.

Swath was indicted in February, believing that New Hampshire was the wrong place to prosecute him.

They were assessed at Raffles Hospital over the weekend.

When the bomb exploded at the Spanish House, customers were having dinner and playing bingo.

Plovsky said that the Commission would not investigate because the three-year statute of limitations had expired.

If he is convicted of espionage, he will face the death penalty.

The deep-rooted interest groups are trying to control the network bottlenecks and lobby the FCC to help and encourage them.

But church members and observers said they expected the decision to cause problems for many bishops.

Squayres is the chief payload investigator of Athena, a series of scientific instruments carried by each Mars rover.

The military said that so far, they had killed 12 rebels, captured 9 and wounded 6.

ESRX Express script. O Nasdaq shares fell 3.6% to $66.89.

After Sherwin Pennington eloped with Toby Studabak, 31, the police launched an international search on Saturday.

Lawyers and other people familiar with the federal investigation said the investigation remained focused on Campbell, although prosecutors refused to discuss the investigation.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 58.69 points, or 0.64%, to 9137.86.

In the Louisiana Derby, the rules of peace prevailed over ludicrous killings.

Boeing said the final agreement will be signed in the next few weeks.

EDS shares closed at US $18.51 on Thursday, up 6 cents.

On Monday, a divided Supreme Court ruled that Congress might force the National Public Library to equip computers with anti pornography filters.

When a host application opens a document, VBA views the document properties passed to it in the wrong way.

Out of 24 million telephone votes, 50.28% of the votes were for Stewart, which put him ahead of Aiken by 130000.

Consumers still need cable companies' anti-interference security cards to connect their TVs.

However, after considerable price efforts, we decided to choose the EU engine as the best overall solution. "

The Food and Drug Administration rejected Imclone's application to sell Erbitux in 2001 because of the low quality of the study.

Critics say the law infringes civil liberties. James Sensenbrenner, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, said he is sensitive.

Dodge beat Colorado 3-2 at Dodge Stadium, the sixth game in a row since 2001.

The state said they searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana.

The 30-year US treasury bond US30YT=RR rose 31/32 and its yield fell to 4.16% from 4.22%, a record low.

Lai believed that the surrender of these documents would violate his right to oppose the Fifth Amendment.

Streyhorn said that this was the first time in Texas history that the Comptroller did not certify the appropriation bill.

Excluding these expenses, analysts expect an average loss of 11 cents per share.

Security experts warn that a new large-scale worm is spreading widely on the Internet, sometimes posing as the email of Microsoft's founder.

Sah said the police had confirmed the bodies of seven of the 14 detainees who carried out five attacks almost simultaneously on Saturday.

Only New Jersey now prohibits people with study permits or intermediate licenses from using mobile phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.

The University of Michigan announced a new admission policy today, after the Supreme Court of the United States canceled the admission of undergraduate students in June.

The video broadcast by Al Jazeera last week seemed to incite the attack.

The company did not specify the replacement and repair costs.

Dean told reporters traveling in his 10 cities in this sleepless summer that he thought the Texas countryside was a challenge.

"I think if I disagree with Rosie, I will lose my job," she said.

The decision of the United States aroused an angry response from the European Commission, which said the move was "legally groundless, economically groundless and politically unhelpful".

Ms. Klipps Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department launched a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.

Morgenthau said that during 2001 and 2002, only four of the 40 Fenghuoshan accounts had wire transfers totaling more than 3.2 billion dollars.

Last year, he failed in his election for the Democratic governor's nomination.

The country's largest retailer told its 100 top suppliers that they must start using electronic labels on all pallets by January 25, 2005.

He was taken to the hospital for a preventive x-ray of his neck.

The bill says women who have abortions cannot be prosecuted.

There are 103 Democrats and 47 Republicans in Congress.

After meeting with Republicans in Congress, Schwarzenegger said: "I came to Washington basically to establish relations and ensure that we can get more federal funds.".

The latest situation of the labor market is slightly better than economists' expectations; They predicted that the number of claims last week would be no less than 410000.

Sant Jawan Malad, 27, was tried Monday on first-degree murder charges.

Linda Sanders admitted six charges in federal court, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.

Vivendi shares closed 3.8% higher at 15.78 euros in Paris.

Microsoft has identified the freely distributed linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.

Antonio monteiro de castro, 58, is now the director of latin america and the caribbean business of the group and will be the chief operating officer from the same day.

It said: "False and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer.".

On November 11, a shooting incident occurred at Hamilton Central Primary School in Obetes, which was related to the carnival and was about two miles away from the highway.

On Tuesday, the central bank kept interest rates stable as expected, but announced that the overall risk was weakening and warned of the risk of deflation.

Outside the main media center, the conflict broke out after four North Korean journalists confronted more than a dozen South Korean activists protesting North Korea's human rights violations.

Sand dust has been fighting against renal cancer for more than a year.

Kadyrov was not injured, but his four bodyguards were among the victims.

The commission estimates that California lost $1.34 billion in 2001 due to tax avoidance, the largest loss of any state.

The officials did not say whether American troops had entered Syrian territory or how the Syrian border guards had intervened.

Verisign launched its website search service on september 15.

She said that Dreus was still in prison and was now in isolation.

Their leader, Abu Bakar Azdi, surrendered in June; His deputy was killed in a recent gunfight with Saudi troops.

After Freitas' opening statement, King County High Court Judge Charles Mettle postponed the trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.

The newspaper pointed out that Google's investors include well-known venture capital companies, Kleiner P. Kings Caulfield and Sequoia Capital.

July 1 marks the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to the motherland.

Palm announced plans on Wednesday to acquire handspring, a company founded by Jeff Hawkins and regarded by many as the father of handheld computers.

After a series of attacks on Mindanao, including three bombings, the government recently shelved the peace talks with Mirf mediated by Malaysia.

The company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share, in the same period last year.

Also joining Boston on Monday were Watertown, Soggs and Framingham communities in Massachusetts.

As part of the Middle East peace plan supported by the United States, Israeli soldiers destroyed empty mobile houses and water towers in 10 small settlement outposts in the West Bank overnight.

The union has not disclosed which chain it will target.

Howard davidowitz, chairman of davidowitz&associates, said that this is a national retail consulting company headquartered in new york city.

The updated products include pylon pro, pylon jacket, any position of pylon and pylon application server.

The Turkish authorities said that all the suicide bombers were Turks.

In April, the company had forecast operating income of 60-80 cents per share.

From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to fight for more legal rights, including same-sex marriage.

Other countries with this status include Egypt, Israel and Australia.

The findings were published Wednesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association (news website).

In addition, the bracket of the h2210 has space to charge the second battery.

One of the 14 Kurds pointed to the word "refugee" in the English/Turkish dictionary.

Howard said: "The close cooperation between law enforcement agencies and intelligence agencies is the core of the current fight against terrorism.".

The group said that market sales would rebound 29.6% in 2006 to reach 21.3 billion US dollars.

Captain Robert Ramsey of the First Armored Division of the United States said that at about 11 a.m., a truck exploded outside the building, and one of the outer walls of the building collapsed.

This fall, American trainers will patrol and gather intelligence with soldiers from four North African countries.

"These numbers are becoming catastrophic," said Dr. Patrick Pelox, president of the Association of Emergency Room Physicians.

Kowelo told the 49 year old judge, "No matter what punishment you have received, it must be more than enough." His family, friends and supporters accounted for half of the court.

The mother also claimed in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by a guard.

Yes, from today on, the flash memory purchased from amd or fujitsu will be named span.

The world's two largest auto manufacturers said that their sales in the United States fell more than expected last month due to a stronger than expected rebound in the industry caused by the sales boom at the end of the summer.

On Sunday, a tropical storm developed rapidly in the Gulf of Mexico and is expected to hit somewhere along the coast of Texas or Louisiana on Monday night.

On Thursday, as the cable sports network ESPN plans to conduct a nationwide report on the last round of the competition, the pressure may increase.

Pataki praised Abraham's decision. Richard Kessel, President of Lipa, said that the cable should be put into permanent operation.

Dianes came to the university of california, san diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist at at&t bell laboratory.

Meningitis is an infection of spinal fluid and tissues around the brain.

Mayor Joe Tepac said late Thursday that when the first explosion occurred, the three workers were two men and one woman. They were in the building.

Alisa favi, an ncri official in london, told reuters: "we condemn the raid, which we believe is illegal and morally and politically unreasonable."

It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian Prime Minister was not injured.

Halabi's military lawyer, Air Force Major James Key, denied the charges, which could lead to the death penalty.

Vaksar said in a letter to the court: "I have torn my family apart.

Jerry said that since the beginning of May, the city has received 1400 reports of blue bird and crow deaths.

However, the freedom organization "Forest", which enjoys the right to smoke, said: "When it comes to the word" no smoking ", everyone knows what happened there.".

Once converted, Baystar will own a total of about 2.95 million ordinary shares of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, or 17.5% of the company's outstanding shares.

Opec producers will press independent oil exporters at a meeting on wednesday to contribute to opec's next supply cut to allow iraqi oil to flow back.

The federal trade commission (ftc) today asked congress to grant more power to combat unwanted internet spam, which currently accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.

On Tuesday, a federal grand jury indicted them; The document was not sealed until yesterday for the local authorities to arrest.

Those who have always opposed these actions are now trying to find new reasons to say that this is not the right approach. "

Richard Miller is still hospitalized after liver transplantation, but his wife has recovered.

Subsequent representatives could not be immediately reached for comment on the SCO statement.

The proportion of people covered by employers decreased from 62.3% in 2001 to 61.3% last year.

Leiden Hewitt, the world's second ranked player, accused the Tennis Professionals Association of harboring malice, including last year's suspected attempt to trick him into refusing a drug test.

msn messenger 6 will start at 6pm GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn Download. com/download/v6preview asp

As far as this incident is concerned, I admit that I acted improperly. "

A spokesman said: "Since November, we have fully cooperated with the police.

Melbourne researchers believe that women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering their children's type 1 diabetes.

The broad S&P 500 index edged up 3 points, or 0.32%, to 970.

According to new US guidelines released on Wednesday, those who once thought their blood pressure was good may actually be suffering from high blood pressure.

Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's Office had resolved the civil fraud charges with one of the spoofs it identified.

Nord, the heroine, married the energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winnocool and played Edna's daughter Tracy.

Burke said: "From our initial report, considering the situation at that time, this is a textbook landing.".

In Thursday morning trading on Nasdaq, Loyalty shares rose $4, or 17.2%, to $27.43.

According to state law, 911 calls are not public information and have not been released.

Adrs fell 10 cents to $28.95 in composite trading at 10:06 a.m. on the new york stock exchange.

Bremer said that one of the initiatives is to launch a national project costing 70 million dollars in the next two weeks to clean up and build communities.

The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 30.46 points, or 2%, to 1520.15.

The British Foreign Ministry said Monday that the Iraqi coalition authorities are pleased with the release of the men.

Wal Mart estimates that more than 100 million Americans visit its stores every week.

Prodi added: "Maybe, but old age helps us understand our strengths and weaknesses."

Kerry said, "I am proud to stand against Richard Nixon, not with him.".

On Nasdaq, corixa shares rose 71 cents, or 10 percent, to $7.91.

Spokesmen for the FBI, the CIA, the Canadian Security Intelligence Agency and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on Shukri Juma's stay in Canada.

Steven Wallace, a member of the investigation committee, said: "This is a long-standing problem that has not been resolved.".

"Americans will not cut corners," she said. "We must see this disaster through.".

He said: "There is no doubt that the chemical program, the biological program, the nuclear program, and all the programs recorded by the United Nations.".

Rich said that real explosives or harmful devices would not be used in the exercise.

This is America, my friend, and this should not happen here.

On May 1, he climbed a narrow and winding canyon, climbed down a 60 foot cliff, and walked along the canyon for about six miles.

Amnesty International says it has collected information about 17000 Iraqi missing persons in the past 20 years, but the actual number may be much higher.

Texas instruments rose $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday, while Novellus systems Co., Ltd. rose $1.76 to $36.31.

She asked not to attend the cabinet meeting last week to prepare for the meeting with the Presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.

In the mix of ancient pagan and modern Christian rituals, villagers held a series of ceremonies in the hope of eliminating the misfortunes that they thought made them poor.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15%, to 9196.55.

Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.

This film is the second in a trilogy and will end in the Matrix Revolution in November.

In addition, the Ministry of Justice said that the FBI had conducted "less than 10" investigations involving mosque visits.

This release coincides with the java one developer conference held in san francisco this week.

The royal duties were based on his experience with Diana, Princess of Wales, and the letters he allegedly exchanged with Diana.

The military said that just a few days ago, Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasmeh, the Hamas leader in the city. The target of the raid was Hamas militants.

Sars killed 44 people in toronto, including two nurses and a doctor.

Apple said on Monday that its new online music service sold more than 1 million songs in its first week of operation.

He had previously been arrested twice for trespassing into the building complex and was forbidden to enter the home of his mother and two children.

Larry Ellison, Chairman and CEO of Oracle Corp., did not rule out sweet talk about the company's offer to acquire its competitor, peoplesoft inc.

The Portuguese Meteorological Agency said the heat wave in Europe was caused by a large amount of dry and hot air from the southeast.

They announced at yesterday's press conference: "It is wasteful and disgusting to spend taxpayers' money to create a terrorist gambling hall.".

Steven milunovich, an analyst at merrill lynch, said that, nevertheless, "a somewhat ambiguous ruling" might cause setbacks to static control, depending on how it develops competing products.

Monkeys can track their progress by viewing a schematic of the arm and its movement on a video screen.

This led to a 47 hour police standoff, bringing inconvenience to thousands of commuters because of traffic congestion in central Washington and northern Virginia.

The Standard&Poor's 500 stock index rose 6.48, or 0.7%, to 990.51.

Agriculture ministers from more than 100 countries are expected to participate in a three-day ministerial conference and exposition on agricultural science and technology hosted by the United States Department of Agriculture.

Complicating the situation is the battle hardened Liberians on both sides.

This year, Audubon Society held the annual Christmas bird counting activity again.

Before being deleted, the website listed the possible hacker rules in poor English.

Doctors speculate that the body's own estrogen can protect cells from damage and improve blood flow.

They also found that shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.

Cisco executives said that they were encouraged by the growth of cash flow and net income of $1.3 billion, but hoped for a rebound.

In an email statement to the News Sentinel in Knoxville, Shumeike said that I would not consider resigning.

A poll shows that the FBI's eavesdropping on the mayor has promoted his re-election efforts with his Republican opponent Sam Katz.

Jones said injured passengers at John Peter Smith Hospital died late Friday morning.

The doctor had planned to deliver the baby two weeks earlier, that is, about November 14.

Sobiga. When an unsuspecting computer user opens a file containing "Thank you!" When file attachments in emails with familiar titles such as "re: details" or "re: that movie", f propagates

According to the latest data, the technology stock Nasdaq Composite Index ixic rose 17.26 points, or 1.06%, to 1640.06.

The founders of the group are panasonic, sony, hitachi, nec, royal philips electronics, samsung, sharp and toshiba.

Is it in the food supply? David Ropic, director of risk communication at the Harvard Risk Analysis Center, said.

During a screaming match in 1999, Caroline told John that she was still sleeping with Beckin.

On the other hand, if it helps to further prove Steve's innocence, we welcome it. "

Fletcher said he hoped to get the support of agricultural state legislators, many of whom are members of the committee.

Earlier on Saturday, seven students aged 20 and 21 were ticketed by the police for drinking with two young women aged 16 and 18 in a hotel room outside the school.

Such a step might refer the issue to the United Nations Security Council.

He planned to stay all day until the river reached its peak. The forecast said it was late last night.

According to the camp website, the camp holds summer religious affairs retreat for children and other activities throughout the year.

Traders said that if the dollar fell below $1.15, the decline of the dollar against the dollar might accelerate.

Gemstar shares rose 2.6 percent to close 14 cents higher at $5.49.

In addition to the chipmaker Intel, these companies also include Sony, Microsoft, HP, IBM, Gateway and Nokia.

Ralph's Kroger Company and Aberson Co., Ltd. jointly negotiated with Siffway and refused their union workers the next day.

According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 per cent over the April 2000 census.

Its share price jumped from $50.90 at the close of Wednesday to $54.50 before opening.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 58.69 points, or 0.64%, to 9137.86.

His lawyer Pamela McKee said Bryant wanted to be completely innocent.

This was the best gain since October 1, when the index rose 22.25.

Mr. Musk said that Mr. Cullen would be taken from Somerset County Prison to the Anklain Forensic Hospital outside Trenton for psychiatric treatment before Thursday.

Scientists believe that stardust captures thousands of dust particles.

The report of the Independent Expert Committee aims to dispel any doubts about the handling of the SARS crisis by the Hong Kong government.

Both of these devices implement the esco function of v1.2 standard, which provides a basis for new cordless telephone applications.

The decline in core wholesale prices in April reflected the decline in the prices of cars, trucks, boys' clothing and cigarettes.

International rescuers are searching for the flattened debris in the destroyed ancient city of Bam on the Silk Road in Iran after a violent earthquake killed more than 20000 people.

Griffith is a native of elli mountain and now lives on the coast of north carolina in manteau.

The Conference Committee reported that the US consumer confidence index fell to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.

"I noticed a change of mood in their priorities," said one politician.

Heather, 35, lost a leg in a car accident. It is believed that her hip is equipped with steel plates, which will make natural childbirth impossible.

The network will also cancel the "dateline" program on Friday night.

Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican governor candidate Haley Barbour thanked the cheering crowd.

The 51 year old nurse worked in the NATO General Hospital, which was the center of the latest outbreak.

Rush has scored five or more points in each of his last three starts.

Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before selling them.

He also enlisted others in the program to persuade them to accept the fraudulent goods he ordered for himself.

The New York Mets then picked outfielder Rastings Millich from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.

61% of respondents could not confirm the identity of Florida Senator Bob Graham.

The Standard&Poor's 500 index rose 3.47 points, or 0.36%, to 977.59.

As a result, 24 players broke the par in the first round.

The ralphs chain in alberson and kroger locked workers out.

The technology intensive Nasdaq Composite Index fell 37.78 points, or 1.94%, to 1912.36.

On Monday, the shares of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization closed at US $10.93, down 28 cents in Nasdaq stock market trading.

The House of Representatives passed the bill by 425 votes to 2, the first of 13 bills that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.

Knight agreed to a two-year contract worth $2.38 million, including a signing bonus of $300000.

The exchange rate of the euro against the yen was 135.92/6.04 yen and 136.03/14 yen in late New York.

Surgery is usually performed in the second or third trimester of pregnancy.

In addition to Hampton and Newport News, the grant also funded water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.

He said the attackers left leaflets urging the staff of Sheraton Ishta Hotel to stop working in the hotel and demanding that US troops withdraw from Iraq.

With the intensification of diplomatic activities in the nuclear crisis in the past 10 months, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is scheduled to visit the ROK from August 13 to 15.

Bond bulls want the Fed to recognize that the risks are skewed towards economic weakness.

"There is a real possibility of a second collapse," said james mcgreevy.

No.2 HP's unix server sales fell 3.6% to $1.36 billion.

"People are obviously very inconvenient," said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's public safety commissioner.

Others got a copy of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and were told to follow it.

Rapper lawyer Mark Gann did not return a call for comment.

The news that general motors gm. n planned to issue $10 billion in debt also weighed on the market, partly to fill the loopholes in its pension plans.

Lu Xin did not comment; His lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not reply to telephone messages.

However, license revenue fell 21% to $107.6 million.

The latest government data show that Hispanics are the fastest growing ethnic group in the United States and have surpassed blacks as the largest ethnic minority in the United States.

Bishop Peter Blaine of Amidale was outspoken.

When the facility is fully operational, it is expected to employ up to 1000 people.

The US Stock Exchange biotechnology index rose 5%.

Cohen Aaron told the Herald yesterday: "I really like him, and I still like him.".

During the 12 months ended June 30, 2003, ADSL advanced service lines increased by 37% and cable modem connections increased by 75%.

Kent King, the state education commissioner, said on Wednesday that he was disappointed by the results of the Missouri Assessment Program.

When searching Larkin's address, the agent found more than 1000 credit cards and credit card copiers.

Lowe's, which owns about half of its stores, reported that profit in the third quarter increased by 33%, while same store sales increased by 12%.

Caldera acquired the unix server software of the original sco and renamed it sco group.

According to the testimony, the police threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reina put his knee into his back.

The best performing stock was Altria Group, which rose more than 27% to close at US $42.31 per share.

The police are trying to retrieve the body from the water, "police officer j.d.tambe told Reuters, adding that 26 of the dead were women.

According to the market survey of NPD Group, the number of people downloading music fell from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.

"In my opinion, this is a simple case, which is unreasonable both in fact and in law."

The weather bureau reported a maximum sustained wind speed of 105 miles per hour, with stronger gusts.

Wifi bedpan will be unveiled at the british music festival this summer.

A landmark study found that men who drink tea, especially green tea, can significantly reduce the risk of prostate cancer.

Forecasters said Cuba might issue a warning later Thursday.

Shiites account for 20 per cent of the country's population.

Cwa, who represents more than 2300 employees of comcast, said that when an ordinary union employee's annual income was about 27000 dollars, it was excessive.

From January to June, the consumer group generated profits of $4.47 billion and revenues of $20 billion, accounting for 53% of Citigroup's profits and revenues.

In Galloway, New Jersey, Annika Sorenstam attracted the audience. Michelle Wei gained public attention, but Angela Stamford won her first lpga victory.

British Airways' New York London route will end in October.

The new policy places the greatest emphasis on grades, examination results and students' high school curriculum.

The new version w32/sobig. According to security analysts, as of Monday, c-mm had reached a "high level" of outbreak.

The only person who did not give his name on Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.

The broader S&P 500 index fell 11.91 points, or 1.19%, to 986.60.

Aftra members voted 75.88% to 24.12% in favour of the merger.

On Monday, the RMB weakened slightly and closed at 55.34/39, not far from the historical low of 55.75.

Although other parts of Africa have been used as staging areas for terrorist organizations, Malawi has not been the main focus of the investigation of Al Qaida.

On Sunday, an ammunition yard exploded in southern Iraq, killing one American soldier and wounding another.

"I'm really excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier," James said.

According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a well-known skilled hacker.

Excluding litigation costs, rim's loss further narrowed to one cent per share.

The broad S&P 500 index rose 19.72 points, or 1.98%, to 1015.69.

It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the court and prison system, and protect key institutions such as the Ministry of Finance from intimidation.

Alibek said: "Our results are very encouraging.

On tuesday night, the jury found rap singer c (also known as cory miller) guilty of second degree murder in a nightclub in jefferson parish where a 16-year-old child was shot dead.

Wells' other series include nbc's er and third watch.

Daniel bogden, the nevada prosecutor, said that as of wednesday night, 33 of the 42 men had been arrested.

On Friday, cancer survivor Lance Armstrong, the five time Tour de France champion, offered some advice to other cancer survivors in Denver.

She survived, along with their four children - sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Summers - and their four grandchildren.

On Monday night, police used pepper spray to arrest 12 people at a rally of about 400 activists to protest the annual training seminar of law enforcement intelligence departments.

The department ordered an 18.2% cut in the wages of all Texas lloyds and a 12% cut in the wages of state farm Lloyds.

Colgate shares closed at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange on Monday.

Several shots rang out in the dark, but only one crocodile was killed at 11 pm.

The broader Standard&Poor's 500 index was below 0.46, or 0.05%, at 997.02.

Republicans promised to complete a medical insurance drug plan by August, and then extended the deadline to October 17. They are still working hard.

The index, which measures service sector activity, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.

Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas in the port of Akaba, Jordan, on Wednesday.

"Unlike many early Internet companies, Google is considered profitable.

"To be sure, the Senate is ready to pass some form of cap," Kim said.

When asked if he regretted or felt guilty about the attack, his answer was firm "no".

Another big winner was rambus inc. (Nasdaq: rmbs news people), whose share price soared by 32%.

Russ britt is the president of cbs market observation in los angeles. Common domain name format.

"If you pass this bill, Big Brother will keep an eye on you," said John Marbury, the representative of Dwako.

Douglas robinson, senior vice president of finance, will temporarily take over as chief financial officer.

Several state and federal governments subsequently passed similar or stricter prohibitions.

However, he pointed out that miami must decide by june 30 whether to apply for acc membership in the next academic year to comply with the guidelines of greater east.

The income of "Hulk" is far lower than that of last month's Marvel Comic adaptation of "x2: x War Police Alliance", which grossed $85.6 million at the weekend of its debut.

Echostar, headquartered in Littleton, Colorado, rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.

The valid signatures of 897158 registered California voters must be collected and submitted to the county election officials by September 2.

The benchmark 10-year note us10yt=rr fell 11/32 in price and its yield rose to 3.21% from 3.17% late Monday.

Mdc called for the strike to force mugabe to resign or negotiate a solution to the zimbabwean crisis.

Revenue increased 3.9% from $1.57 billion to $1.63 billion.

In January 2000, the sales volume of notebook computers was less than 25%.

Argentinian Guillermo Correa and Dutch Martin Welk are in the other half.

"What can I say to you?" He told a group of people in a cemetery that there were thousands of tombstones in the cemetery, many of which were family graves.

She only had one condition, that is, the book would not be published until her death.

The results were published in the November 6 issue of the journal Nature.

After adjusting for inflation, the median household income decreased by 1.1% from 2001 to 2002 to US $42409.

u. The leaders of the United States and Europe promised on Wednesday to work together to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons. After months of bitter quarrels over Iraq, the two sides will form a united front.

He left the army for Syria, where he received religious training.

The meeting was originally scheduled to end on Wednesday evening. The participants adopted resolutions to express the views of the church on the issue, but they have no binding force on the church.

However, under the Federal No Child Left Behind Act, students in various groups did not perform well, leaving the state in a defective state.

This led Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society to announce on Wednesday that the 270 kg Cancun Altar has been restored.

In a less subtle attack on Dean, he predicted that Americans would not elect a Democrat who "sounded the horn of uncertainty in this dangerous era"

The report predicts that there will be 71079 hot spots in the world this year, higher than 14752 in 2002 and 1214 in 2001.

A new study conducted in Europe found that the effect of the drug was as good as an earlier controversial study sponsored by the imclone system, and the study said it was true.

Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Times that she had been offered $250000 to tell her story only to Australian television.

Perry has convened members of parliament to attend two special sessions to discuss the issue of the re zoning of Congress.

Airran officials and a boeing official declined to comment yesterday.

In this lawsuit, Sherry, a Democrat, and the registrars of Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.

Negotiators said Friday that they had made good progress in the latest round of negotiations on the establishment of the Central American Free Trade Agreement.

One banker said: "It is very difficult to make large syndicated loans in Japan, which lacks professional knowledge.".

The case comes from Illinois and involves a for-profit company called telemarketing associations inc.

He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."

Mr. Pingan is the director of litigation for the Massachusetts Correctional Legal Service, a prisoner rights organization.

Yee is a 1990 graduate of west point military academy in new york.

Chairman and CEO James Roll said in a statement that "pnc regrets participating in these transactions".

Ccag supported roland's rival bill curie in the 2002 governor's election.

They later fell out and supported a series of hostile Congolese militias in recent years.

The other said its members would continue to call more than 50 million telephone numbers on the FTC's list.

The veteran artist Bob Hope will celebrate his 100th birthday on Thursday, which is also his acting career for many years.

At the New York Stock Exchange, the number of falling stocks is nearly two to one more than the number of rising stocks.

It took the ship about five years to build a floating airport, and the flight deck covers 4.5 acres.

I am proud of the citizens of this state, said john baldaci, the casino's enemy.

An injured female colleague was also taken to the hospital and is in good condition.

Police said the victims of the shooting were taken to the King County Hospital Center, where they later died.

They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle pain.

Klein quoted him as saying: "We have become completely unfamiliar.".

David graduated Saturday from Northwestern College, which belongs to the God Assembly and has a bachelor's degree in religion and philosophy.

Technology stocks led the Nasdaq Composite Index down 23.54 points, or 1.42%, to 1630.08.

"This is the last test before the missile is delivered to the armed forces.

"Whether today or tomorrow, your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, and tomorrow will come soon."

According to a press release issued by the Terry Schindler Shaw Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnny Bird will introduce the "Terry Act" at a special meeting on Monday.

In addition, businesses across Utah volunteered to display amber alerts on signboards.

Due to the appreciation of the euro against the yen, the exchange rate of the dollar against the yen was 117.24 yen, much higher than the overnight 10 month low of 116 yen.

Last Saturday, Mikhail Khodorkovs, CEO of Yukos Oil Company, was arrested on suspicion of fraud and tax evasion, and the Russian stock market fell.

This year, the company expects sales of $94 million and a going concern profit of 26 cents per share.

After Hughes refused to re hire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.

Duhurst's proposal calls for the abrupt termination of the controversial "Robin Hood" school financing plan.

Other national and private creditors still owe at least $80 billion.

A telemarketer who dials a listed number after October 1 may face a fine of up to $11,000 per call.

He explained that when he was a post doctoral research assistant at the University of Bristol in the UK in 2001, he discovered antonitrus.

Air Canada is the largest airline in Canada and the 11th largest airline in the world. It has been protected by the court of creditors since April 1.

The jury also found that Gonzalez used pepper spray to commit excessive violence against Auvira Carrera.

The bodies of some of the dead were dragged out from under the train and placed beside the railway tracks, while the emergency service personnel sent wooden coffins.

Ghana said that Mohammed Muhsen Zubaidi, who claimed to be the mayor of Baghdad, was released after two days of detention by the coalition government.

"Enron executives were involved in widespread fraud," prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.

Customers who pay $1219 admission fees will receive sms2003 with 10 device client access licenses.

The results of the 2001 aboriginal survey released by Statistics Canada yesterday show that the living standard has improved, but still lags behind that of aborigines outside the protected areas.

"The recent turnaround in the stock market and the reduction in the number of jobless claims should keep consumers' expectations at the current level, and may indicate that the future economic situation will be more favorable."

Despite the dull trading on the day, the S&P 500 index is preparing to end its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.

Ona made it clear that it had not received intelligence materials indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network planned to carry out operations in Bali.

The interior minister, Prince Nayev, denied the reports.

Brian hereby said that the impact of interest rate hike on demand was greater than the official expectation.

When Mohammed was formally sentenced on February 12, Judge Leroy Millette Jr. could reduce the sentence to life imprisonment without parole, but Virginia judges rarely took such action.

A spokeswoman for Strong Memorial Hospital said that the situation of Dude on Tuesday night was satisfactory.

Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces charges of fraud, misrepresentation, body abuse and theft in burial services.

After that, the president of the university, Paul Pribino, told him to finish his speech.

During the 12 months ended June 30, the number of high-speed lines installed by households and enterprises increased by 45%.

Rich Clemens' short and troubled Missouri basketball career is over.

US military officials said the helicopter rotor cleaning fluid may blow down the flag.

The agreement, which came into force this week, came less than two months after O'Malley took charge of the country's fourth largest diocese.

Congressional police said the US Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities found a potentially harmful substance in the basement of the Senate building.

Jim Kennedy, a spokesman for the former president, said that he had made countless speeches in 2002, but he had not received any compensation.

The broader S&P 500 index fell 0.04, or 0%, to 971.52.

The Linux based desktop is known as the "project madhat", and Sun is promoting it as a safer and cheaper alternative to Windows.

On Wednesday, a key figure in the bribery case of former State Treasury Secretary Paul Silvestre was accused of changing the argument that Silvestre was suspected of engaging in corrupt transactions with an investment company in Boston.

"The mission of Cappsii has always been, and will always be, aviation security," said the administration under the Ministry of Homeland Security.

Huo Wan did not speak, but his lawyer John speranza said that his client "did not wake up that day" and intended to hurt anyone.

"We do not believe that there is a need for a divisive confirmation war on the appointment of the Supreme Court," Daschle wrote.

The survey found that Yahoo occupied 159354 bsd websites, including 152054 from ntt/verio and 129378 from infospace.

Cnn television announced that teyaryan will resign as the general manager of american programs in the latest high-level reorganization of cnn.

He is suspected to be a key figure in the Jemaah Islamiyah. Jemaah Islamiyah is a terrorist organization related to Al Qaida and is blamed as the culprit of the bombing.

Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said that there were about 100 firefighters in the headquarters today.

David Samson, chairman of Marin, said through the club spokesman: "The problem has been solved.".

The ministry of health said five more people died of sars and another 159 were infected.

McDonald's shares rose $1.83, or 8.3%, to close at a daily high of $23.89.

He said that the fda hoped that congress and the court could clarify this situation and provide some financial relief for consumers.

Ernst&young admitted that there was no misconduct in the settlement.

The witness, a 27 year old Kosovo parking attendant, was convicted of dishonesty and the News of the World paid 10000 pounds.

The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and health insurance became so acute that other members said their angry private relations embarrassed the party.

He injured a security guard and then ran away, stabbing two passers-by while running along the corridor.

He and his colleagues attributed some communication gaps to the doctors' sense of urgency.

State police said as many as 30 workers were immediately trapped after the garage collapsed.

Oss Angelis - The Hulk soared at the box office at the opening weekend, and hit a record $62.6 million at the opening in June.

Congratulations on being named Person of the Year by Time magazine.

According to the indictment, he participated in the important meeting for planning the attack, recruited other bombers and coordinated the action.

This will also give Microsoft the opportunity to comment on the remedies proposed by the Commission.

Texans, burdened with soaring homeowners' premiums, may finally get away with it.

Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the primary election on February 3.

Halliburton reiterated his argument on Tuesday that kbr "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, price and conditions".

Elecia battle of Cleveland told the police that she lost her wallet when she left the fast-food restaurant after buying a ticket last week.

Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, dbtel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp and Sony.

On thursday night, the cleveland cavaliers won the nba's annual lottery and james's draft right.

Among these workers, the researchers found that short workers' hearing was worse than expected by their age.

Colpin did not specify whether the system was the center of the investigation.

So far, sales of personal computers for entertainment have been limited to the United States, Canada and South Korea.

Ballmer has warned in the past that Linux poses a threat to Microsoft.

The broad S&P 500 index rose 4.83 points, or 0.49%, to 980.76.

Talabani told him that the Management Committee would "need the help and advice of the United Nations in implementing the new decision"

Stanford (46-15) played South Carolina (44-20) in the first round match at Rosenblat Stadium in Omaha, Nebraska today.

A month ago, the same survey showed that the street leading Katz accounted for 42% to 34%, and 21% had not been decided.

The broad S&P 500 index rose 11 points, or 1.25%, to 931.

But they didn't realize this until now (of course), because they are potential victims in horror movies.

Arthur Benson, the lawyer for the plaintiff student in this case, said he would appeal.

The euro has fallen nearly 4% since it reached a record high of about US $1.1935 last week and a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.

Pennsylvania has the most aggressive treatment program, treating 548 of 8030 prisoners.

The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 20.96 points to close at 1595.91, the highest level in 12 months, as technology stocks rose.

With the exposure function, all open windows will be reduced to fit the screen, but still clear enough to be recognized.

Instead, the prosecutor dismissed the charges and Luke left the court freely.

"This case has both spiritual challenges and emotional exhaustion," said Jim Wolfscale, the foreman and 41 year old minister.

He will arrive later this week for the first state visit of a US president.

The transaction approved by the boards of directors of the two companies is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's third fiscal quarter.

Senate Speaker Jim King said the volatile combination could drag the meeting beyond the four days set by Bush.

More than 100 policemen participated in the bust, which was the climax of the two-year investigation of the cocaine import and money laundering gang.

Excluding special items, earnings per share in the fourth quarter were 64 cents, compared with 25 cents in the previous year.

But at the age of 15, she had reached 260 pounds, which was a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.

"If we can do this all over the world, we can end terrorism," he said.

If this is the keynote speech of Bill Gates comdex, it is definitely time to launch a new tablet computer.

According to reports, Knight allegedly beat a parking attendant outside a nightclub in Los Angeles.

Among those waiting for the turn was sixth grader Jody Singh from Washington, D.C.

But the Cancer Society says its research has been misused.

Both were held in Armstrong County Prison.

A few miles to the east is Tehuakan, where corn may have been domesticated for the first time 4000 years ago.

The chaos ended a week of chaos. The list aims to block about 80% of telemarketing calls.

Marce Fuller, CEO, said: "We strongly hope to carry out financial restructuring out of court, and we still hope to be able to do so.".

The complaints referred to former ceos paul a. allel and g. richard thomas, as well as former chief financial officer barry d. romel.

Chera Larkins, 32, from Manhattan, was charged with three false marriages, perjury and false documents.

The company estimated on Thursday that its market share in Europe was 51%.

The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge funds and mutual funds.

The Nasdaq Composite Index, which is dominated by technology stocks, fell 0.11%, or 1.78 points, to 1594.13.

Mr. Morse was charged with the attack and Mr. Davish was charged with submitting false reports.

The third appointment is a new job, Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff.

According to the data of Thomson's first telephone consulting company, analysts had expected a net loss of 54 cents per share.

The area also sent a letter yesterday to inform parents of this situation.

Last week, Richard Grasso lost the support of the Board of Directors and resigned as Chairman of the Board of Directors due to public anger over his $140 million salary plan.

He said that the new server would run linux or x86 version of solaris.

Mauriati and Carrera slid down the ice, hit the soft rock riverbed, and immediately felt the tension.

In the past three years, cadbury schweppes plc has carried out a $4.9 billion ($11.9 billion) acquisition frenzy, leading to soaring costs. The company plans to cut 5500 jobs and close its factories.

Sweeney gave a speech at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association held in Philadelphia last night, outlining the campaign plan.

This seems to be an isolated event, "said Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C., who has a degree in political science.

The jury awarded tvt about 23 million dollars and punitive damages about 108 million dollars.

According to the official, tvt record company requested $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensation.

Two Democrats in the five member fcc group held a press conference to change their opposition to powell.

The sales of notebook computers also reached a record high, accounting for more than 40% of the sales.

In addition to fighting against sales decline, Siebel has been arguing with some investors who are uneasy about the huge stock option profits of company managers.

Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will participate in the national championship tonight.

Marcos Gimenez, the US prosecutor, said that an indictment of 32 crimes "attacked one of the most important targets in the drug trafficking world".

On Monday, one soldier was killed, another wounded, and their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.

Michael rebel, executive director of cfe, said that the cost analysis was in progress.

When I went to the stadium, I believed I could do that, as long as I played my best.

According to the affidavit of the arrest warrant, Dotson told the fbi agent that he shot Danny after the player tried to shoot him.

He said that dogs are second only to humans in medical understanding and research.

The stock rose $2.11, or about 11%, to $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.

Eric Gagne won the 17th save in the ninth strike out, only allowing Greg Norton to win in the infield singles.

In a September 2002 file, the Blair government accused Saddam Hussein of seeking uranium from Niger and gave reasons for military action.

Excluding energy prices, wholesale prices fell by 0.9%.

The spacecraft is scheduled to be launched from Jiuquan Launch Site in the Gobi Desert as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday.

Hong Kong equities were flat, while Australia, Singapore and South Korea fell 0.2-0.4%.

Sergeant Tom Wright said that the SUV parked on the street of Monrovia residential area was pasted with "spirit" and other slogans, and another one was lit in front of a house.

There are at least 11 suspected cases in Indiana and Illinois.

The pill, known as "polyp pill", contains aspirin, a cholesterol lowering drug, three half standard doses of antihypertensive drugs and folic acid.

He said on Sunday: "They are driving around while people 500 meters away are being killed.".

At Tuesday's arraignment hearing, Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of misrepresentation.

However, the additional premium income will not be large.

Semiconductor giant intel corp. said yesterday that its second quarter profit doubled from a year ago, as strong demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business.

Schroeder cancelled Stefani's Italian holiday after he refused to apologize for the slander, after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.

Dell's openmanage software includes a Dell update package with SMS to help automatically manage server hardware, applications, and operating system patches through a single tool.

Mauriati thought that he would be swept away at any time, or just die of cold.

Reid's Janai also called for the establishment of an interim government and the deployment of a Western peacekeeping force led by the United States.

kedo spokesman Roland Tricott said: "The Executive Committee has decided to refer this issue to the capital.

The benchmark 10-year note rose 17/32 to yield 4.015%.

In May, the prosecutor made a makeover and requested to unseal the autopsy report after some autopsy reports favorable to the defense by conner Peterson were leaked to the media.

The trading volume was moderate, 8276.8 million shares, higher than the 7989.5 million shares in the same period on Tuesday.

On Wednesday, the shares of Pennsylvania Transportation Company closed at 36 cents per share on Nasdaq, up 2 cents.

On Thursday, the state Senate passed a controversial bill that would amend the state's acquisition law and help a Michigan based development company resist acquisitions.

However, other trade unions, including the powerful cgt, still oppose the reform and demand the government to start new negotiations with them.

The family owns Cheetah strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.

The new bill will enable medical insurance to cover more than $5100 in 95% of drug costs.

Thousands of 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team in Fort Benning, Colombia, began returning last week.

It is believed that the prairie dog sold as an exotic pet was infected by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa in a pet shop in Illinois.

The defense can appeal Ruth's decision only after the trial.

The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld by order of Congress.

Frank McCloskey, a 64 year old former Indiana congressman, died Sunday in the fight against bladder cancer.

The hospital and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.

Mexico wants to ensure the safety of its citizens.

Spain currently holds the rotating presidency of Oscar.

The treaty was first signed in 1990.

Goric and Pushtun were executed in prison.

safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years' imprisonment.

Santos said that radioactive materials are the main basis for the manufacture of weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.

Fulvio berghella said that the digital worm named sqhell is particularly deadly, and it replicates itself at the rate of 8000 times per hour.

Ingo kober said that there is more interest in intellectual property now than 20 or 30 years ago.

Investigators claimed that the British company was a cover for the CIA.

Russia and nato members will hold a meeting on the treaty on conventional forces in europe (cfe) this autumn.

The United States government and other NATO members refused to ratify the revised treaty until Moscow officials withdrew their troops from the former Soviet republics of Moldova and Georgia.

Russia will not immediately increase its military strength on the Russian border.

The center will be put into operation in August 2008.

Brazilian police surrounded slums north of Rio de Janeiro to eliminate violent drug traffickers.

Regional and international non-proliferation issues should be resolved through dialogue and negotiation.

In recent days, with the increase of attacks by anti-government insurgents, there have been bombings in Afghanistan.

Later last week, after the Russian military attack on Georgia, the Georgian government website was subjected to a strong cyber attack.

In March 2008, after the Swiss Foreign Minister Michelin Kami Ray went to Tehran to sign an agreement with Iran National Gas Corporation, Switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with Iran have been criticized in recent months.

The Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe limits the number of European military aircraft, tanks and other non nuclear heavy weapons.

The African Union has proposed the establishment of a peacekeeping mission to help Somalia's troubled transitional government stabilize the situation in Somalia.

Reported that the Syrian government hid a nuclear facility at the scene of the attack.

This medicine is also called ice or gauze.

National, regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.

Although radical organizations have been banned, religious extremism in Pakistan continues.

Russian officials called for a conference on the Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe to discuss the ratification of the revised treaty.

Russian President Putin signed a decree to suspend Russia's implementation of the European Arms Control Treaty.

Myanmar was formerly known as Myanmar.

Altovalaga is located in the northeast of the capital Lima.

Nato regrets russia's decision to suspend its participation in the cfe.

Human rights violations in Myanmar include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child soldiers.

General Nikolai Urakov said by telephone that the National Center for Applied Microbiology Science has a fairly reliable protection system in emergency situations.

Alstom is vying for contracts with Japan and Germany.

This legislation is the latest effort by Japan to grant more freedom to its strictly controlled military and will overturn the ban on military use of space.

South Korea launched a new bullet train with a speed of 300 kilometers per hour.

Russia is a member of the Middle East Quartet.

Anatoly Sokolov announced that the a-135 missile defense system built by the Soviet Union around Moscow was outdated and inefficient.

This transaction has been going on for several years.

Compliance with non-proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and promote international cooperation in the field of nuclear energy.

alstom, the french energy and transport company, may sign a contract to build a high-speed railway between beijing and shanghai.

For decades, no drug has become an indispensable component.

The International Atomic Energy Agency has reached an agreement with Iranian officials, saying that Iran's nuclear program and activities have no remaining problems or ambiguities.

Beijing police arrested more than 20 people, including eight foreigners, who were suspected of using and selling drugs in two bars in a popular area in the city center.

Russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004, but the United States and other NATO members refused to do so, believing that Moscow must first fulfill its obligation to withdraw its troops from Transdniestria outside the separatist regions of Georgia and Moldova.

There are conflicting views on the extent of the damage suffered by the rebels.

Helmand Province is the largest opium producing area in the world.

Police said Cai Wenhuang would be extradited to Taiwan.

Two of those arrested were released.

Mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 agents and soldiers to sinaloa because of the rampant organized crime and drug trafficking in the country.

Berlin will host a high-level conference in october to save europe's key conventional force for arms control treaties (cfe).

The Oscar meeting lasted two days.

Cfe treaty was signed in 1990.

Iran insists that the plan is only for peaceful purposes, such as

China is an important force in safeguarding world peace.

North Korea denies any involvement in Syria's nuclear program.

A spokesman for Stockwell Day could not be reached immediately

Kim Myung chul warned that if the North Korean ship is intercepted, the North Korean government will retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as New York and Washington.

Iran has the largest number of death penalty applications in the world, second only to China.

John Duncan is the UK ambassador for multilateral arms control and disarmament.

The treaty was revised in 1999 after the collapse of the Soviet Union.

Kashmir is divided into India and Pakistan.

South Korea and Israel oppose the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and the arms race.

Gaddafi warned that the failure of the United States and Britain to compensate Libya for nuclear disarmament would prevent Iran and North Korea from disarming.

Russia ratified the revised treaty.

The staff composed of 30 experts will conduct cyber warfare research and training and prepare to assist NATO members in dealing with future cyber attacks.

The Jamaican Youth Wing held a separate demonstration in Kashmir.

Iran has the largest number of death penalty applications in the world, second only to China.

China will firmly oppose the means of delivery of weapons of mass destruction.

The collapse of China's order will lead to major global turbulence.

North Korea claims to have nuclear ambitions. Currently, it is reported that North Korea has missiles against Japan.

Abuja is

The United States government accused the Iranian government of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program.

Tirana Yes

In an armed conflict, the Iranian police killed four suspected drug traffickers, arrested two and seized nearly 5 metric tons of opium and morphine.

Iran's nuclear program is for peaceful purposes.

China will firmly oppose the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.

China is North Korea's closest ally.

Libyan Foreign Minister Abdul Rahman Shargam visited London for the first time since 1969.

Gove said that this poses a major threat to global security.

Cambodia and Vietnam finally reached an agreement to stop drug traffickers in Asia and Europe.

Activists say Russia is imprisoning people without evidence of illegal activities.

It is becoming increasingly difficult to curb extremist organizations because of their funding sources.

Zapol is a town in the southeast of Iran.

The detainees were charged with murder, criminal cooperation, kidnapping and terrorist financing, including military and police officers.

The existing fuel rods can produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months.

The International Atomic Energy Agency may have been deceived because it was eager to reach an agreement.

The Myanmar government said that Myanmar will be opium free by 2014.

In April 2008, the Anti Defamation League (adl), an American Jewish organization, published full page advertisements in Swiss and international newspapers, accusing Switzerland of financing terrorism through the agreement.

France provides rockets, artillery and engines.

Saudi Arabia's capital crimes include rape, murder, traitors, armed robbery and drug trafficking.

Bae systems is britain's largest defence company.

Lavrov told US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice that Russia remains open to dialogue.

Other individuals and entities will have their assets frozen.

Withdrawing from the treaty would allow Russia to reinforce its troops near the Russian border.

Fan said that the committee is mainly concerned about the duration of Taiwan's future investment.

Government spokesman Maseko said that if the administrative documents meet the requirements, the South African government cannot intervene to prevent weapons from being transported through its territory to neighboring land countries.

The statement of President Dmitry Medvedev was published on the Kremlin website and comprehensively reported by the state news agency.

Turkmenistan borders Afghanistan.

Last year, the number of executions in Iran increased during a campaign aimed at improving social security.

Syria denies any undeclared nuclear program.

Amnesty International is a human rights organization headquartered in London.

254 people are afp counting tables based on news reports and eyewitness reports.

The Iranian government said that Iran's nuclear program is still peaceful.

Singlev said that it is very difficult to make nuclear weapons from plutonium in this fuel.

Paris is the capital of France.

An Indian government official asked to remain anonymous.

Russia has threatened to withdraw from the cfe several times because of differences with the US plan to install missile defense systems in the east

Tunisia's plan is to establish an electronic database to promote taxation.

China's efforts to solve the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula have been praised by the international community.

The Russian Foreign Ministry said that Russia did not suspend the dialogue.

Arms smugglers and drug trafficking groups must be eradicated from South East Asia.

The new law tries to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and help Japan's space industry innovate.

Zhang said that China opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non nuclear weapon States on the basis of non-proliferation, because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is the key objective of the Treaty on the Non Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.

Mark Fitzpatrick, a non-proliferation expert at the International Institute for Strategic Studies, said that the report of the International Atomic Energy Agency has an unusually strong tone.

The treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non nuclear heavy weapons throughout Europe.

Estonian officials said that some cyber attacks that led to the temporary closure of Estonian government websites came from computers of the Russian government, including those in the office of President Vladimir Putin.

Britain has reached an agreement to provide Saudi Arabia with typhoon jets, a transaction worth about 8 billion pounds (13.9 billion dollars).

Opium is the raw material of heroin.

Wei Shengluo refused to disclose any details of North Korea's nuclear reactor project.

The agreement aims to establish broader cooperation, covering national security and combating global terrorism.

Many people executed in Iran were hanged in public.

The United States and its allies believe that Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons.

Cfe is very important for european security.

The Indian army, which has been fighting the rebels in Kashmir, is now carrying out large-scale operations to destroy opium poppy crops in the region.

This is a delicate matter.

Last week, russia announced that it would suspend its participation in the cfe.

The United States, other Western countries and NATO condemned the violence.

Indian nationals have the largest number of foreign prisoners in Nepalese prisons.

The judicial order accused Lahad of financing terrorism.

Myanmar's military rulers burned illegal drugs worth about 250 million dollars to commemorate the International Drug Control Day.

Iranian officials stepped up their executions in 2007 as they carried out a campaign allegedly aimed at promoting virtue and strengthening social security.

India accused Islamabad of funding and training guerrillas.

Subsequent fighting and air strikes killed at least 10 militants.

The communiqu  of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Panama stated that the task force would promote technology transfer and promote the production and consumption of biofuels.

Vietnam is one of the most stringent drug laws in the world.

The Government of India has prohibited the direct or indirect import and export of all articles, materials, goods and technologies that may contribute to Iran's enrichment related, reprocessing or heavy water related activities.

The Vietnam News Agency reported that the Ministry of Public Security said that most foreigners involved in drug trafficking cases in Vietnam came from Laos, Cambodia, Australia, China, the United States and Taiwan.

Roy Isbist, head of the Transfer Control and Small Arms Group of the World Security Organization, said that the EU embargo prohibits the direct or indirect supply of military equipment for Myanmar.

The United States and other NATO members refused to ratify the revised treaty.

Cfe restricts the use of armed forces and heavy weapons, and stipulates measures aimed at building confidence, transparency and cooperation among member states.

Bulgaria is located in the southeast of the Balkan Peninsula.

ElBaradei said that this is the last opportunity to establish Middle East security on the basis of trust and cooperation rather than the possession of nuclear weapons.

The Iranian Government has refuted the allegations contained in the information submitted to the International Atomic Energy Agency Commission, believing that these allegations are baseless and that the information used to support them is false.

Cfe treaty was established in 1990.

The Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe is considered a key arms control treaty.

Nicaragua commemorates the 25th anniversary of the Sandinista Revolution, which overthrew the dictatorship of Anastasio Somosa but imposed a Cuban style left-wing regime.

Thirteen Kurds from Trkiye were arrested near Paris on suspicion of money laundering for the PKK.

The meeting lasted two days.

The villagers were unwittingly involved in drug trafficking.

The Russian government strongly opposes the U.S. plan to install an anti missile system in Europe, and refutes the U.S. statement that an interception system is needed to resist the threat of Iran.

The University of Hong Kong cooperates with universities, enterprises and government departments in Chinese Mainland to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research, commercialization and technology transfer.

The Chinese government actively cooperates and assists the OPCW.

Since 2006, the Mexican Government has taken a series of measures to combat drug trafficking and organized crime in Mexico.

The statement did not specify the number of warheads the missile could carry.

This is a serious threat to international security.

Nicaragua commemorates the 25th anniversary of the Sandinista Revolution.

Russian President Vladimir Putin said that the decision to stop the implementation of the Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe was a response to the US plan to establish missile defense bases in Eastern Europe and NATO's failure to ratify the revised version of the Treaty.

In the 1950s, tno, the national research institute of the netherlands, conducted chemical weapons experiments for the netherlands ministry of defense.

According to a report released by security software supplier mcafee inc., hackers under the Chinese government are at the forefront of the brewing cyber cold war.

The Treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non nuclear heavy weapons throughout Europe and was first signed in 1990.

Many of the attacks originated abroad.

The police arrested two suspected drug traffickers in Honduras.

If Japan rises, even in terms of military strength, Japan will never be defeated.

Egypt and Jordan signed the Nuclear Non Proliferation Treaty and have long called for the Middle East to be free of weapons of mass destruction.

Russia has participated in the European Space Agency's

Myanmar is a military country.

It was not stated whether these people were hanged in prison.

Amnesty International reports are prepared by European and international non-governmental organizations, such as the Security World Organization against Armed Violence.

According to a report by the Institute for Public Policy Research, 27 weak countries pose a threat to Britain's national security because they may provide bases for terrorists.

The Iranian government denied this accusation and insisted that the nuclear program was only for peaceful purposes.

PSI calls for the cessation and search of vessels suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction.

The international community should modernize the nuclear non-proliferation regime through extensive consultations and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to strengthen the nuclear non-proliferation regime.

Amnesty International released a report saying that India's project to sell attack helicopters to Myanmar threatened the EU's arms embargo on Myanmar.

Naim M. smuggled 10 kilograms (22 pounds) of heroin.

The Guangning People's Court ruled that 29 people had participated in a drug trafficking gang trafficking heroin from Vietnam to China.

Michael karras' lawyer s.s.dhillon could not be reached for comment.

These countries oppose the weaponization and arms race in space.

France, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for advanced light helicopters (alh).

Kenya's illicit arms trafficking has increased due to easy access to weapons and conflicts in neighbouring countries.

n. Mohanty said that the Defence Research and Development Organization, Air India Limited and the Indian Air Force have signed an agreement to upgrade India's aging MiG-27m aircraft fleet.

ElBaradei said that a Middle East peace agreement can only be reached at the same time as a security agreement based on the elimination of all weapons of mass destruction in the region.

Under Tajik law, drug traffickers face the death penalty.

The International Atomic Energy Association is the supervisory body of the United Nations.

Wen said that the main purpose of Germany's visit is to promote trade, economic and technological exchanges.

US officials do not know how far North Korea's nuclear weapons program has progressed.

Seven policemen died and four were injured.

The defense ministers of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Germany, Italy, Spain and Slovakia will sign an agreement to provide personnel and funds for the center.

Last week, the House of Commons of the Japanese government approved a bill that proposed a new law allowing the use of space programs for national defense.

Van der Meyer sentenced Gaggs to 13 years in prison.

Zahedan is a city in the southeast

President Putin said that Russia will take countermeasures.

So far, China has been resisting US pressure on China to stop and search North Korean ships.

Roberto Mangabela Anger, the Minister of Strategic Affairs of Brazil, said that Brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including Russia and France to build the most advanced weapons industry.

The accused will be charged with international drug trafficking.

Variants of the advanced light helicopter (alh) include rocket launchers from belgium; Rockets, artillery and engines from France; Italian brake system; Fuel tank and gearbox from UK; The self-protection equipment comes from a Swedish company and has obtained key design and development and engine control manufacturing from a German company.

India's Ministry of Defense has increased its spending on defense procurement.

iaea reporting is limited.

In 1990, Russia and NATO members signed the Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe.

Sheik Dun Sala Irmi said that civilian casualties caused by mortar and rocket attacks at night occurred every day.

The South African government maintains good relations with the American government.

Nuclear weapon systems in high readiness increase the risk that these weapons will be used, including the risk of unintentional catastrophic consequences.

Blix said that greater efforts must be made to eliminate nuclear weapons and weapons of mass destruction.

Helmand Province is the largest opium producer in the world.

The Afghanistan Iran border area is a place where police and drug smugglers frequently clash.

Physicist Danilov was convicted of selling confidential space technology information to China.

Myanmar is the largest illicit opium producer in the world, but its financial and technical resources for ending the drug trade are limited.

The kidnapped support group hopes the parliament will amend the law as soon as possible.

Santos said that Colombian police found evidence in two computers found together with the slain rebel leader Raul Reyes.

Doquydoan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information.

A spokesman for Siemens in Germany said Heinrich von Pyler said that Siemens was negotiating with interested Chinese parties on the sale of plutonium processing facilities.

Vietnam is one of the most strict drug laws in the world.

The government's disarmament measures have not been effective.

Putin said that if the western countries refused to ratify the revised treaty, the Russian government could completely withdraw from the treaty.

Russia ratified the revised version of the Treaty.

Osce discussed the possible extension of osce's mission in kosovo.

ElBaradei is the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency.

The Nuclear Non Proliferation Treaty has a history of 37 years.

Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Jiang Yu said that cyber hacking is a global problem.

The plant will be built next to the existing plant and is expected to be put into operation within 7 years.

Network attacks are considered to be a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks.

If India blames foreign militants, it is part of its propaganda that misleads the international community.

The Riyadh based Naif Arab Security Academy said in a statement that it was holding a two-week seminar for 50 counter-terrorism experts.

88% of the Liberal Democrats support economic sanctions.

The sharia law is Islamic law.

Some Islamic militants suspected of having links with Al Qaida were arrested in Malaysia and Singapore. Officials said the network of the militants extended to Indonesia.

In September 2007, Jordan signed an agreement with the United States to support the peaceful development of Jordan's new nuclear program.

According to the statement, rs-24 enhances the military potential of strategic forces to overcome the antimissile defense system.

Naeem m was hanged in Zapol, Sistan Baluchestan province.

Iran is located on a major drug route between Afghanistan, Europe and the Persian Gulf countries.

It will be hosted by the Australian Government.

The five permanent members of the UN Security Council are Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States.

In July 2006, Jordanian Prime Minister Mahmoud Baht said that Lakhdar Hussain and his family lived under the protection of King Abdullah II.

A spokesman for Siemens in Germany told the French news agency that Siemens was confident in the outcome of the negotiations on the sale of plutonium processing facilities.

The cyber attack came after French President Nicolas Sarkozy's meeting with the Dalai Lama angered the Chinese government.

The South African Government has issued a ban on the recruitment of persons to engage in mercenaries or foreign military assistance within or outside South Africa.

Ukraine has almost all the approvals required to join the European Space Agency project.

The North Korean government warned the South Korean government not to participate in the Proliferation Security Initiative.

The China Agriculture Commission has set up a special office to be responsible for agricultural technology transfer, intellectual property management and consultation, so as to promote the development of China's knowledge agriculture and the application of agricultural technology.

The Speaker of the Iranian Parliament, Hadad Adel, visited Cuba.

Tibetans suspect that the Chinese government created the virus to monitor Tibetan exiles and the Dalai Lama.

Chinese authorities could not be immediately reached for comment.

The European Union and the United States have frozen Al Qaida assets.

In recent years, the Chinese government has strengthened China's non-proliferation capabilities.

afriforum, an organization mainly representing white people in south africa, said it would organize protests on its way to zimbabwe.

Putin declared that the Basic Law treaty did not fully protect Russia's security interests.

Ahmed is opposing extradition to the United States and has filed a formal complaint accusing the British police of fabricating intelligence reports, involving Ahmed in terrorist activities and blaspheming the Koran.

Russia has approved the revised version, but the United States and other NATO members refused to do so until the Russian government withdrew its troops from the former Soviet Republic of Moldova and Georgia.

Part of the US plan is to increase pressure on North Korea.

Tskhinvali is the capital of Georgia.

An Indian government official said that India did not believe the report of Amnesty International.

The State Council of the Chinese Cabinet announced that it would revise the "dual-use" nuclear technology regulations to prevent nuclear terrorism.

Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said that the transfer of fuel rods was proactive.

The opposition Japanese Communist Party opposes the new law and fears that it will lead to a stronger army.

Some ASEAN officials said that due to the political systems of different countries, such standardization is difficult to achieve.

Iraq has been lobbying the Security Council to stop using its oil revenues to pay compensation to the victims of the 1991 Gulf War and the salaries of inspectors of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission, and to transfer all remaining funds from the United Nations oil for food account to the Government's development fund.

A key European arms control treaty must be maintained.

The Golden Triangle region is one of the largest opium producing countries in the world.

The United States regards this action as nuclear blackmail.

The meeting lasts for 3 days.

Ministers from China, Laos, India, Myanmar and Thailand will also propose crop substitution initiatives for poor ethnic minorities who still rely on opium cultivation.

China is a nuclear power and a member of the UN Security Council.

North Korean officials are suspected of manufacturing nuclear weapons.

Peter Lloyd, an Australian television reporter, faces three new drug charges in Singapore.

President Vladimir Putin signed a decree suspending Russia's participation in the Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe.

The extradition conditions stipulate that Tunisians can only be prosecuted for a single charge of falsifying documents, and the Italian authorities can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute.

It is believed that these attacks came from the ip address of the russian government in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia.

India and Pakistan are still outside the treaty.

China is a member of the Ballistic Missile Club.

If the United States and other NATO allies refuse to ratify the revised version, Russia may withdraw from the treaty.

This is especially true in the poorest countries.

In recent months, Iranian officials have launched a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and enhancing security, and the number of executions has increased significantly

A statement released by the official spa news agency said al dosari was convicted of drug trafficking.

Tajikistan and Uzbekistan, both bordering Afghanistan, have experienced attacks by Islamic militants supported by the Taliban in recent years.

Russia said that the system is obviously a threat to its security.

The gang engaged in illegal activities, including extortion, extortion, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering, and allegedly used the proceeds to finance terrorist organizations in Chechnya.

At the National Center for Applied Microbiology, a variety of deadly bacteria were studied for use in the Soviet Union's secret biological weapons program.

The International Atomic Energy Agency has no access to personnel, documents and websites.

According to the book, the drug conveys a completely positive image.

Forty prisoners are serving their sentences for murder.

Russia is fulfilling its obligations and reducing its military strength.

Daryl Kimball, Executive Director of the Arms Control Association in Washington, said the IAEA report was one of a series of bad signs.

Cfe is one of several issues that have a negative impact on russia's relations with the united states and europe.

Kordobnichev's laboratory cooperates with Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in the United States.

Luga and Nyan are senators.

Officials said the decision on the treaty would depend on the United States' plan to deploy missile defense systems in Poland and the Czech Republic.

The signing of the agreement is a peripheral issue of the meeting of the chiefs of defense staff of the 26 NATO allies.

In early May 2002, officials from the Philippines, Malaysia and Indonesia signed an anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger lists and other information.

After the first meeting between EU leaders and leaders of Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Macedonia, Serbia and Montenegro, leaders of western Balkan countries committed to reducing organized crime and corruption in the Balkans to meet the requirements of EU member states.

The resolution requires all 192 United Nations Member States to pass laws to prevent terrorists, black market elements and other non State actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or materials for manufacturing nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.

The International Atomic Energy Association said Jordan had agreed to take additional measures.

People are very worried about this drug.

Amnesty International's report recommended that Belgium immediately negotiate with India to prevent future sales of alh, components or military technology to Myanmar.

Iran's capital crimes include murder, rape, armed robbery, apostasy, blasphemy, serious drug trafficking, repeated sodomy, adultery, prostitution, treason and espionage.

Saudi Arabia is an absolute monarchy and has taken reform measures.

The spokesman said that he would exchange views on current international and regional issues on the basis of the core joint working relationship of the United Nations. Kaminin said that Russia recognized Libya's participation in the work of the UN Security Council.

Shargam's visit to London was the first visit by the Libyan Foreign Minister since 1969.

In 1999, the governments of India and Pakistan almost got involved in the fourth conflict.

Eguaran said that these detainees would be charged with murder, criminal collusion, kidnapping and terrorist financing.

Three extremist suspects were released on bail.

Six Czech hospital employees were charged with trafficking in human organs.

This further aggravates the situation.

Drug lords captured by Mexican Marines

Sc rejected the government's request for review in the Vodafone tax case

Syria Holmes oil pipeline explodes

NATO Soldiers Died in Afghanistan Attacks

Castro celebrates his 86th birthday on Monday

Former Israeli spy warns the "savior" of the Iran war

An eye opener: the Supreme Court's provisions on Arizona's immigration law

NATO Tracks the Path to Afghanistan

Syria says suicide bombers killed 10 people in Damascus

Sachin Tandukar said I'm not God, I'm Sachin

Australian Prime Minister Gillard will win the leadership challenge

Obama Supports the Philippines on the South China Sea Issue

Eight Chinese teenagers were killed and five injured by knife attack

Syrian rebels transfer command from Trkiye to Syria

Speaker of Parliament: Obama's re-election is unfavorable to Israel

The largest debt restructuring in Greek bond exchange history

Putin "won the Russian presidential election"

India's finance minister withdrew from running for president

Jerry Sandsky was found guilty in a child sexual abuse trial

Three Tibetans set themselves on fire in western China: Report

White House's Damage Control over Obama's Supreme Court Speech

Annan Warns Talks about Syrian Risks

The Quartet calls on Israel and the Palestinians to stop incitement

Saudi Arabia allows women to participate in the Olympic Games

Nigerian University Attacked by Gunmen

China's cabinet promises to boost the economy

Tropical Storm "Isaac" Pushes Up the Number of Unemployment Benefit Applicants

Freddy Starr was arrested in the Saville abuse investigation

Romney announces Paul Ryan as his running mate

After the Greek trading, the stock market rose early and then remained flat

Suicide bomb attacks on elite military camps in Yemen

NATO: 2 international troops killed in Afghanistan

Protesters in Moscow Demand Putin's Resignation

French general election turnout is higher than expected

Australia will establish the largest marine protected area in the world

Two American soldiers were shot dead by Afghan soldiers

Italian soldiers die in Afghanistan

Abbas will lead the Palestinian unity government

Egypt Coptic Church Appoints New Pope

Malawi Officially Confirms the Death of the President

Tuareg rebels in Mali declare independence

Lance Armstrong was deprived of the Tour de France championship

Egypt votes on the last day of the presidential election

Is Madeleine McCann still alive?

Australian Surfers Find Disaster Seekers

isaf: 4 coalition soldiers died in attacks involving Afghan police

The UN Security Council voted unanimously on the Syrian issue

Gunmen shot and killed six people at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin

Audi to Acquire Motorcycle Manufacturer Dukadi

China News Agency: Syria still has hope for peace

Yemeni Police Academy Suicide Attacks 22 Dead

South Korea orders immediate shutdown of two nuclear reactors

US, ally will ask Iran for nuclear talks

Aol said it would sell 800 patents to Microsoft for 1 billion dollars

Thousands of troops march towards the Year of Jubilee

Middle East: Israel: Hamas Leaders Convicted

Navy jet crashed into apartment building

Women die after refusing abortion

u. The United States and Trkiye call Syria a no fly zone

The death toll rose to 236 after the explosion in Brazzaville

I'll hire another one to retire

Syrian journalist's rescue application failed

New sex claims to have attacked the Secret Service

Rimscha Masihur was released on bail.

One person died due to sectarian conflict in Lebanon

Gains in financial stocks pushed European equities higher

Trkiye warns Syrian refugees

Suspected Al Qaida financiers arrested in France

Tsunami did not cause damage after the 6.6 earthquake in Sumatra, Indonesia

Israeli air strikes kill 16 people in Gaza

The bombing in Iraq killed 18 people and injured 108

Palestinian prisoners end hunger strike

Hizbullah confirmed it sent drones to shoot down over Israel

The rebels "captured" Syrian soldiers

The Colorado shooting suspect is being treated by a psychiatrist

6.6 Indonesia Papua Earthquake: USD

When did Andy Murray play Roger Federer in the men's final at Wimbledon? Everything you need to know about this big game

No hugging in New Jersey schools

Iran (Islamic Republic of): Iran stepped up rescue efforts after the earthquake killed 227 people

Southern Alaska Releases Tsunami Warning

There's no evidence in the Afghan Holocaust

Cash rich Apple pays dividends and repurchases shares

It is reported that two people died in the shooting at the Empire State Building in New York

Australia's unemployment rate is 5.1%

Wall Street stocks rose

Halliburton's revenue grew 23% in the first quarter

The bombing of a shrine in northwestern Pakistan killed four people

China's stock market was mixed on Friday

No mass texting after riots in India

United Nations monitors have not yet arrived at the scene of the Syrian "Holocaust" - video

Yorkshire soldiers killed in the bombing in Afghanistan

Mali Radical Islamists Recruit New Militia

The opening ceremony of the Olympic Games swept the world

A man was killed in a terrorist attack in France

Capello resigns as England manager

One person killed in Ohio school shooting

Two Palestinians were killed in Israeli air strikes

Pakistan condemns US drone attack

Hurricane Sandy hits the East Coast of the United States

Sarkozy will lodge a complaint in Gaddafi's fund claim

Must read the note on Wednesday, July 4, 2012

If Israel launches an attack, Iran will attack Tel Aviv

Gusm  o consolidated power in East Timor's elections

Pena Nito Wins Mexico's Presidential Election: A Poll Station Survey

Syria tells Russia that some troops have withdrawn from Homs

Nigerian plane crash: no survivors

At least 39 people died in Venezuela refinery explosion

Strong earthquake in Mexico

Russia and China vetoed the UN resolution on killing in Syria

Pakistan plane crashed, 127 people on board

The UN Security Council has ordered global sanctions against the Haqqani network in Afghanistan

Erdogan and Putin talk loudly

Saudi Arabia arrested militants suspected of links to al Qaeda

Hurricane Sandy Approaches the East Coast of the United States

Chicago Teachers' Strike: Student Holidays, Good or Bad

Panetta said that the role of Afghanistan will be transferred from fighting in 2013

Four men admit to the London Stock Exchange bomb plot

Israel threatens to take action against Gaza aid ships

The body found when a Russian jet crashed in Indonesia

Syrian refugees are urged to return

US soldiers killed as many as 16 civilians in Afghanistan

Rupert Murdoch: I'm the victim of a cover up

Barack Obama's bodyguard was repatriated to the United States after the prostitution scandal

China's yuan rose to a new high against the US dollar on Wednesday

Nissan will sell telex steering cars

Tibetan monk burned himself in protest against Chinese rule

Mumbai is the second most expensive city in India

A 19-year-old man was asked about a teenage murder

Israel killed Hamas commanders and bombed Gaza targets

Gusm  o consolidated power in East Timor's elections

United Nations monitors have not yet arrived at the scene of the Syrian "Holocaust" - video

NATO condemns Syria for shooting down Trkiye's military aircraft

Syrian rebels attack Lebanese posts near the border: troops

Five people died due to building collapse in China

Syrian army launches new attacks

Gaza fired two rockets at Israel; No injuries

Former Nazi death camp guard Demjanjuk died at the age of 91

Boris Johnson was re elected Mayor of London

Breivik salutes the far right in court

The second teenager is charged with murder

The French fear the new serial killer after murder

United States: Madoff Brothers plead guilty to fraud in New York

Hollande Defeats Sarkozy in the French Presidential Election

Libyan government recaptures Tripoli airport

Clinton Warns of the Price of Election Violence in Kenya

Arkansas Supreme Court rejected the enforcement law

Former South African President Mandela Discharges

United Nations Special Envoy to Trkiye for Syria

Islamist Morsi Wins Egypt's Presidential Election

Donna Summer, Queen of Disco

Bangladeshi Muslims set fire to Buddhist shrines, police said

u. US drones killed five militants in Pakistan

Mali's future interim president is ready to take office

In the recent Cairo conflict, 9 people were killed and 168 injured

Romney Wins Maine Republican League Conference

The Bahrain court rejected the last appeal of the medical staff

Hurricane sand towards the east coast

Clinton called on Syrian friends to unite

Jk Rowl launched her first adult novel.

Algerian government political party led election

Yemeni security officials killed

US equities fell as Greece talked about timber; Apple falling

Romney Chooses Ryan as Vice President's Running Partner: Source

NATO Adheres to Afghanistan's Transition Roadmap: Rasmussen

Mubarak faces sentence in murder trial

Accessibility to investment

11 dead in northwestern Pakistan

Five Afghan relief workers released

Two NATO soldiers died in Afghanistan

Nadal falls into the French Open final

Russian TV reports thwarted attempts against Putin

Putin declared victory in Russia's presidential election

167 remains found in Mexican caves

Alpine Massacre of Orphaned Girls Returns to Britain

Obama Team Raises Debate Bets

Two Kenyan ministers were among the six victims

Thousands of people gathered for the new Russian anti Putin rally

Google Appoints New CEO of Motorola Mobile

Hurricane Sandy hits the East Coast of the United States

Another rocket hit Ashcol; No injuries

Thousands of Syrian refugees fled to Trkiye overnight

Assange Appels to the British Supreme Court for Extradition

Strong earthquake occurred in most parts of Pakistan

Lebanese gunmen clashed over the Syrian crisis

The mob killed for burning the Koran

US drone attack killed 4 people in North Waziristan

Salvado Dali's paintings were stolen from the New York gallery

Putin declared victory in Russia's presidential election

Sarkozy announces his re-election

The United States and the United Kingdom signed an agreement to release emergency oil stocks

Unemployment in the euro area remains at a record 11%

French Socialist Party Wins Parliament

Salafi Islamists, Tunisian Police Conflict - Witness

Strauss Kahn is under investigation in a French prostitution ring

Romney won the Florida Republican primary

US drone attack killed 4 people in North Waziristan

Two traffic accidents in China resulted in 47 deaths

Director of the CIA resigns over the incident

Strauss Kahn of France is accused of participating in prostitution groups

Sony reported a record annual loss

Israeli air strikes kill 12 people in Gaza

Nine people were killed in a deadly attack in Iraq

Barclays is hit by a new US investigation

The United States closes its embassy in Syria (AP)

EU imposes new sanctions on Syria

Russians rally against Putin's rule

Bahrain Grand Prix held amid protests

China equities were flat on Monday

Cheryl Crowe said he had a benign brain tumor

Afghan Parliament Approves US Afghanistan Security Agreement

Two German tourists and two pilots were killed in the Kenya air crash

Israeli and Palestinian negotiators meet quietly

American astronaut Neil Armstrong died at the age of 82

Amnesty: Syrian rebels also committed abuses

Mitt Romney Wins Indiana Republican Primary

East German activist Gok was elected president

South Africa starts investigating landmine violence

Accidents in Southwest China resulted in 3 deaths and 27 injuries

Santorum won Minnesota easily

Space legend Neil Armstrong died

u. The United States and Trkiye call Syria a no fly zone

The man was arrested for double murder

Florida counties extended early voting

The warship set sail for the Falkland Islands

Newcastle 2:0 Liverpool: match report, pictures and video highlights

Palestinian prisoners end hunger strike

Police: 4 people died in the German hostage taking incident

Egypt returns Mubarak to the presidential race

Syrian journalist killed in the capital

Republican candidate Mitt Romney calls for armed Syrian rebels

u. Observer patrol arrives at the scene of the Syrian Holocaust

American Airlines and Pilots Agreed on a New Contract

Greek Prime Minister Announces New Elections

The Canadian Government supports women in Montreal to lead change

If Mulayam forms the third front, there is no problem: Congress

When the anger subsided, Bradley won at firestone

At least 10 people died in Ghana crash

Six US soldiers were killed in a bomb attack in Afghanistan

Syrian army launches Aleppo attack

Romney and Obama strive for advantages in medical insurance

BBC Director General Resigns Due to "Bad News"

Rick Santorum Wins Kansas League Meeting

In Islam led Egypt, the Coptic Church appointed a new pope

The United States promised to rebuild Haiti, but failed to achieve

China equities closed higher on Thursday

Greece will vote on the 2013 budget; Protesters gathered

u. The United States and the European Union cautiously welcome Iran's proposal to restart nuclear negotiations

Clinton Warns of the Price of Election Violence in Kenya

Anti American film protests expanded to nearly 20 countries

Reporters cheered the opening of the Lundun Olympic Games

Australia equities opened low

WikiLeaks begins to release 2 million Syrian emails

Palestinians: 2 militants in Gaza were killed in Israeli air strikes on coastal areas

President of Mali submits his resignation

Suicide bomb attack in Nigeria kills three people

Factbox security developments in Iraq, February 1

Hrw: Jordan has prejudice against Palestinians from Syria

Israel is the world's largest arms exporter: report

Egyptians will vote for a new president

Federer wins the 7th Wimbledon championship

Qatar Leaders Call for Abduction of Westerners in Egypt

China's stock market was mixed on Friday

43 people died in bus crash

Putin swears in as president of Russia

China's trade surplus resumed in March

Highlights of the Vice President's Debate

Entire episode: Nightline 6/29: Katie Holmes, Tom Cruise Divorce

The Syrian regime denies its role in the Khola massacre

South Sudan Accuses Sudan of Bombing Before Talks

9 people killed in Pakistan shooting

Syria demands assurances that rebels say the peace plan has failed

Minnesota Terminal reopens after evacuation

Golf: Westwood leads the Dubai Desert Classic

Sudan Prevents youtube from Playing Anti Islamic Films

Russian Presidential Election Voting Begins

Chavez leaves for Cuba again for radiotherapy

Romanian President Declares Victory

Russians rally in support of the Eastern Orthodox Church during the infidelity dispute

Clinton landed in India to inject vitality into bilateral relations

Mali's Interim Leader Takes Office

Putin declared victory in Russia's presidential election

Al once again condemned the violence in Syria

EU imposes sanctions on Assad family

Air force instructor faces sentence for rape

More than 30 striking miners were killed

The iron dome intercepts 17 rockets

Malian Islamists Destroyed "More Tempuktu Shrines"

China equities pmi rose at noon

Scientists revive flowers from prehistoric seeds

The man convicted in the Vatican leak

Romney and Paul fight for the victory of the Maine caucus

Sectarian conflict in Tripoli, Lebanon

Repsol Slams Argentina for Nationalizing YPF

Several people were killed and 550 injured in the train crash in Argentina

Aung San Suu Kyi Addresses Members of Parliament

Sheriff: The man finds the stolen car 42 years later

Google CEO said Android is important, not critical

Iran may cut its oil exports to more EU countries

At least 260 people died in Pakistan factory fire

Four Australians missing in Indonesia

Romney vows to restore "America's commitment"

Santorum's 3-year-old daughter is hospitalized

Mandela discharged

Jaya Prada is ready to join bjp

Hezbollah's Nasrallah warns us of anti Islamic films

Nadal overtook Djokovic to win the 7th French Open title

The cost of childcare rose by nearly 6%

Obama urges decisive action on the European debt crisis

Beef burger mixture recalled due to salmonella

Obama and Romney prepare for the first debate

First discovery of important natural gas off the coast of Kenya

Pakistani Red Cross staff killed

Eight rockets were fired from Gaza into southern Israel; No injuries

U. US soldiers were killed in a shooting incident in southern Afghanistan

Egypt's presidential election polls are nearing the end

The police "did not contact" Saville's statement

Unemployment in the euro area remains at a record 11%

James Murdoch Exits BSkyB

Ray Bradbury, the iconic science fiction writer, died at the age of 91

Egypt's presidential election May 23-24

Four French soldiers were killed in a suicide bombing in Afghanistan

United Nations observers found traces of the Syrian Holocaust

Associated Press Poll: Most Americans are biased against blacks

AP News Source: The Redskins replaced the second place

China says its defense budget will increase by 11.2% in 2012

A series of explosions in Iraq killed at least 32 people

President Correa of Ecuador said that no decision has been made on the asylum issue of Assange

The United States offered $10 million. Pakistani militants

Six NATO troops were killed in the attack in Afghanistan

Osama bin Laden's wife will go to jail

Egypt votes in landmark presidential elections

The jet blue pilot who disturbed the flight declared insane and not guilty

Tsunami warning: sa need not panic

The United States transferred Bagram prison to Afghan authorities

Jeremy Hunt keeps his distance from "cross-border" consultants

Obama praised the trade relationship between the United States and Latin America

The Blitzkrieg was expelled by Fiji

Obama and Romney focus on swing states

One person was killed and at least 11 were injured in the "grenade attack"

Syria Found "Dozens of Corpses"

The gunman is accused of murdering black American teenagers

Jonny Belstow and Ian Morgan shine for England in Mumbai

How do wind farm developers "use camera techniques to make turbines look smaller than they really are"

US drones killed six militants in Pakistan: officials

Nigeria: Nigerian army swarmed after 40 students were killed

Tensions calmed down temporarily: the market was relieved by the bailout of Spanish banks

Heavy fighting in Aleppo, Syria

France says Greece must show confidence in the euro zone

The Avenger set a box office record

It is reported that four French soldiers died in Afghanistan

Spain's rescue dilemma is getting worse

NATO soldiers die in Afghanistan

China's stock market fell on Wednesday

Palestinian leaders condemn Israel's call for the ouster of Abbas

Mitt Romney Wins Maryland Republican Primary

The man found the car on eBay 42 years after it was stolen

Silvestre Staron's son was found dead in Hollywood

NATO: 4 aid workers rescued from Afghan insurgents

Russia jails women to protest against punk for two years

Israel forbids German writer Grassin's poetry to visit

The note dated August 1, 2012 must be read

NATO US Forces Detained for Shooting Afghan Civilians

Hollande Won French Presidential Election

Military: Syria's chemical inventory threatens Israel

Fitch upgraded Ford to investment grade

The opposition said the conditions of the Syrian peace plan were "unacceptable"

Greek Protests over More Spending Cuts Triggered Conflict

Blanche avalanche caused 9 deaths, 11 injuries and 4 missing

The Taliban disguised themselves as "attractive women" for spying on Facebook

Chinese Activist Chen Landing in America

City room: shot in the Empire State Building

Mohamed Morsi was sworn in as President of Egypt

15 people are killed when NATO bases in Afghanistan are attacked

At least 30 people died in suicide bombing and drone attack in Yemen

Torres continued to move forward after his failure in the Olympic bid

Pakistan starts to dismantle bin Laden compound

Sudan accused Israel of firing on Khartoum's weapons

The Senate and the House of Representatives reached an agreement on payroll tax measures

Tropical storm isaac swept over haiti and cuba

Foreign pro Palestinian activists seek to enter the West Bank

World equities rose on hopes for EU and US stimulus plans

Gore Vidal died at the age of 86: legendary writer, playwright and politician died

Global equities fell ahead of the Greek debt agreement deadline

South African Police Kill 30 Miners

Isaac drenched Haiti and headed for Cuba, Florida

Britain extends a hand to the Syrian opposition

Obama eased the expulsion rules for young immigrants

Microsoft's surface is a big bet on the future: analysts

"White" girlfriend sentenced to 8 years

The President of Mauritania was shot dead by the army

A man set himself on fire during the Breivik trial

U. US drone attacks in northwestern Pakistan killed 10 people

9000 US Marines will leave Okinawa

Toys R Us Free of Takeout Fees

Iran's expanded nuclear enrichment activities: report of the International Atomic Energy Agency

Donna Summer, the disco queen, died at the age of 63

The Iraqi attack killed the general and four policemen

At least 80 people died in the earthquake in northwest Iran

Brazil's "pop star priest" won a huge new stage

Washington: More than 100 people are prosecuted for medical insurance fraud

Putin declared victory in Russia's presidential election

Clinton prepares to fight for Obama

Romney announces Paul Ryan as his running mate

European markets rose on hopes of a Greek bailout

Edward was acquitted on one count and invalid on the other

Ukrainian weightlifters suspended for four years

The gunman may have filmed the school massacre

Hong Kong shares closed 0.28% lower

Suicide bomb attacks on Algerian security base

Thailand: Iranians plan to attack Israelis

The Israeli military court rejected the appeal of Palestinian hunger strikers

The Avenger set a box office record

Putin "won the Russian presidential election"

Putin votes when Russians vote

The Secretary General of the United Nations has found his own voice and is cautious about China

Libyans start handing over weapons

The Archbishop of Canterbury in England changes to Cambridge

Punjabi mail derailed near Rotak, injuring 19 people

George Zimmerman will be charged with the murder of Trevor Martin

Indian Maoist rebels offer talks to release Italian hostages

It is reported that two people died in the shooting at the Empire State Building in New York

Suicide bombing in Pakistan killed 5 people

Pennsylvania Football Players' Response to Sanctions

Israel must release or try Palestinians who have been on hunger strike for a long time

The UN reports that both sides in Syria abuse their power

The girl accused of burning the Koran hid

France warns Syria to use chemical weapons

There is a threat of life-threatening storms in the central and western regions

Chicago teachers' strike is nearing the end, and the "framework" agreement is in place

Indonesian President Visits Britain

The storm delayed the start of the Republican convention

At least two NATO members were killed in a helicopter crash in Afghanistan: the military

President Mills must resign - Lecturer

Miami heat won nba finals

Japan shuts down its last nuclear reactor

Ryanair's new bid for Ellingus

Russian Air Force Celebrates the 100th Anniversary

Six NATO troops died in Afghanistan

For Mitt Romney, Tuesday wasn't that super

When Putin was sworn in, Russia's economic growth faltered

Arqule, daiichi Stop lung cancer test, stock library

The boy and his father died in a plane crash

A 6.1 magnitude earthquake occurred in Indonesia

Two Americans died in the fifth day of Afghan unrest

Officer: Romney will be protected by the Secret Service

Japanese Prime Minister Calls for Accelerating Tsunami Waste Disposal

Syrian fighter pilot flies to Jordan

Syrian Arab Republic: Syrian refugees (as of 28 June 2012)

Suicide bombers killed 16 people in Afghanistan

The airline canceled the tickets for "flytilla" activists to go to ta

Spain asks for bank bailout

Turbid waters of the South China Sea

Sri Lanka Seeks One Day Revival of Pakistan

Spacex docking with the international space station: public travel next?

"Million Puppet Parade" Defends Obama's Support for PBS

Syrian opposition in reconciliation negotiations

Sensex fell 193 points due to budget problems

Facebook expands the scale of ipo by 25%, raising $15 billion

Iran's parliament interrogates disdainful Ahmadinejad

Seven soldiers killed in suicide attacks in Yemen: officials

The presidential election polarized Egypt

Three more US soldiers died in Afghanistan

The police increased the death toll of bus accidents to 8

Four foreign soldiers were killed in eastern Afghanistan

Pakistani Red Cross staff killed

Afghan and US governments sign agreement on controversial night raids

10 people died in mining accidents in China

The wind in Australia can surpass that in Britain

Protest against the ruling of female riots

Secret Service found the "biggest scandal" of prostitutes

Kuwait: militants attacked the Syrian embassy; Two people were injured

Details of Aung San Suu Kyi's visit to Ireland

Ji said that Mala's visit missed the opportunity

Norway commemorates the anniversary of the Holocaust

A woman was killed by falling debris

Austria shares rose 1% after interest rate cut

Germany Warns Greece: No Reform, No More Funds

Obama to Meet Family Members of Shooting Victims

Despite employment data, Obama has expanded his lead over Romney: Reuters/ipsos poll

2 dead and 19 injured in Toronto shooting

What did the Pope's steward see? Assistant arrested for Vatican leak

Moscow Anti Putin Protesters Form a Human Chain

Bill of Congress in Washington sells for $9.8 million

The Lakers fired coach Mike Brown after the 1-4 start

Canadian Muslims Issue Fatwa Against "Honorary Murder"

u. Adoption of the Syrian resolution

Soldiers "can't recall" the massacre

Libyan Prime Minister Appoints a New Cabinet after Protesting the Former Cabinet

Four foreign soldiers died in eastern Afghanistan

Syrian army attacks central towns

Parker: 20 people died in anti Islamic movie protests

Whitney Houston's death could take weeks

North Korea warns of retaliation against South Korean exercises

The Story of Two Passes: How the New York Giants Won the Super Bowl

A new Israeli attack on Gaza killed one person

Germany may press Russia on the Syrian crisis

Four people were seriously injured in the traffic accident on m23 expressway

United Nations Assistance Director Amos enters Baba Amr with the Red Crescent

Dozens of people died in riots in Nigeria

Profile of Egypt's main presidential candidates

Actor Garzara died at the age of 81

The British gold rush quelled complaints about costs

The avalanche buried at least 100 Pakistani soldiers

Inflation dropped to a 15 month low: analysts' view

Kemen will not cut family planning funds

Foreign Exchange&amp; Gold August 25, 2012

The Iranian side says UN nuclear talks will continue.

Agribusiness: Mad Cow Disease Found in California

BP sold some assets in the Gulf of Mexico for 5.55 billion US dollars

300 potential victims of Jimmy Saville: police

Armstrong steps down from Livstrong

US drone attack killed 5 militants in Pakistan

The Syrian government will not stop the attacks

China equities closed higher on Friday afternoon

Myanmar: The opposition claims Suu Kyi wins

Obama's poll approval rate declined, providing support for Republican opponents

Two Austrian soldiers injured in Afghanistan

Syria's new opposition leader hopes to receive unconditional assistance

At least 30 people died in South Africa's landmine conflict

Syrian army bombed Homs, Russia warned of civil war

Egyptian presidential election results postponed

The deadline has passed, and there are no new Iranian sanctions

Arrested Russian assassin denies involvement in the pussy riots

The Norwegian Memorial pays tribute to 77 victims of the massacre

US Afghan General Related to Petraeus Scandal

China's stock market fell after the RRR cut May 14

Nkorea made "significant" nuclear reactor progress - International Atomic Energy Agency

Maldivian President Resigns After Police Rebellion and Protest

NATO attacks in Afghanistan "kill civilians"

Al Qaeda says it captured 70 Yemeni soldiers in the Abyan campaign

Navy jet hits US apartment, pilot ejects

China's stock market opened high on Wednesday

Idf will deploy an iron dome in central Israel

US drone attacks Pakistan, killing 4 people

American teenagers hold a "holy war" car bomb plot in Chicago

Pcdavid rashband: twin brothers' fear of "best mate"

Syrian army tries to recapture Aleppo

20 member parliament trade team leaves for India

Wall Street opens low

European equities rebounded as China took more stimulus measures

Stock index futures began to fall

A man was charged after being injured in the attack

Nokia apologizes for "false" advertising

US drone attack killed 5 militants in Pakistan

Syrian rebels leave besieged Homs

u. US orders non essential personnel to leave Tunisia Sudan

Criticism of Mubarak in Egypt

Assad said that mercenaries were behind the unrest in Syria

Japanese Prime Minister Dissolves the House of Commons Election

The new Israeli attack on Gaza has resulted in two deaths: medical staff

Six people were injured when a naval jet crashed into a building in Virginia

A NATO soldier died in southern Afghanistan

Spain's unemployment rate hit a new high

Trkiye emergency takeoff near the border

Two people died of violence in Syria after the United Nations monitored the land

NGOs say civilians and defectors were killed in Syria

Taiwan panicked due to a strong earthquake

Paul Tucker of the Bank of England was contaminated by the libor scandal

The Red Cross said it was negotiating to stop fighting in Syria to obtain assistance

Syrian troops shoot civilians on buses

The German parliament overwhelmingly supports the Greek rescue agreement

Explosion and conflict continue in Syria

Myanmar's reform eased US sanctions

Steven Howard Reaction of US Bolt Winning the 200m Champion

Dozens of people died in Taliban resort attacks

Fierce fighting attacked eastern Syria before the vote

The yuan fell to 6.3282 against the US dollar on Monday

Seven people died in Christian school shooting

Indonesia's anti-terrorism team kills two suspected militants

American election: Mitt Romney admits defeat, Barack Obama wins the second term

Armenians vote in parliamentary elections

Sachin Tendukar was sworn in as a senator of India

Navy jet crashed into apartment building

Romney won the primary in Puerto Rico

Yahoo! Appointing Mayer of Google as CEO: Report

American soldiers accused of the Afghan Holocaust have hired famous criminal lawyers

6.0 earthquake in northern Italy: USD

The US government officially identifies Haqqani network as a terrorist

Racing car: the fastest button in the first f1 practice this year

Rangers voted into the third division

Mayor Newark saves his neighbor from the fire

Bahrain f1 protest

The New York Stock Exchange will reopen on Wednesday

Homs mortar fire killed 105 people

Hundreds of honor students were killed in the Ohio shooting

Bombs in southern Thailand killed 5 people and injured 50

US lawmakers take the next step on new Iran sanctions

Barack Obama admitted that the United States has "more nuclear weapons than we need"

Two rockets hit the Ashkor area; No injuries

"Betrayed" disabled workers protest against redeployment and closure

Congolese rebels kill park rangers

Nine Pakistani troops were killed in an ambush by militants

Seventy four people died in soccer violence in Egypt

Tense Nigerian unrest killed at least 95 people

Hurricane sandy lands in southeast jamaica: nhc

Talk with Prime Minister Elkeb after the meeting

Barrick Negotiates with Chinese Companies on African Assets

Mall attackers use the "less is more" strategy

Weak earnings dragged down the stock market

A 6.8 magnitude earthquake struck Solomon Islands

15 deaths in Shanghai due to leakage of liquid ammonia

Friends of Syria recognize the opposition alliance as the legitimate representative of the Syrian people

Weiner continues to run for mayor of New York in the new sex message scandal

The death toll of Russian plane crash rises

Indian media: Commonwealth Summit

The head of the Syrian army and police defected from the opposition

The Boeing 787 Dreamliner caught fire; The stock plummeted

Yvette Cooper Supports Gay Marriage Act

Five people died in a long-distance car crash in Belgium

Gunmen kidnapped seven foreign workers in Nigeria

Swiss tourists are gang raped in India

Palestinians clashed with Israeli forces in the West Bank of Jerusalem

Israeli aircraft attack in Syria

Iranians vote in the presidential election

100 people lost their lives in the new tribal conflict in Darfur

Protest against US drone attack on Pakistan postponed

Bus accident in Pakistan causes 12 deaths

Carney set a high threshold at the Bank of England

Eight people arrested for deadly building collapse in Bangladesh

Suicide bombers killed three people at a US military base in Afghanistan

Afghans flocked to universities despite the Taliban's approach

North Korea postpones family reunification with South Korea

Apple's revenue fell again, iPhone disappointed

Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan

David Beckham Announces Retirement

Matt Smith left the doctor four years later

Generations split because of gay marriage

23 people died in the car bombing in Iraq

The man who burned himself in the national shopping center was injured and died

Taliban attack killed 17 civilians in Afghanistan

Egyptian minister survived assassination attempt

Former First Lady Barbara Bush Leaves Texas Hospital

Schumacher passed out after a ski accident

11 people were killed in attacks by the Chinese police

Bradley cooper and jjabrams talk about shooting a biographical film of lance armstrong

Boeing airliner crashes in Russia, killing 50 people

EU Ministers "Determined" to Solve the Horse Meat Scandal

Thailand's opposition boycotts elections

540 people died in building collapse in Bangladesh: army

Jagen Reddy was transferred to the hospital, and the power crisis in Semandra continued

The President of the Central African Republic was overthrown by rebels

Maracana relaunched, Brazil was drawn 2-2 by England

California wildfires: 1900 firefighters struggling to limit losses (+video)

George w.bush warned against a heated immigration debate

Mandela was hospitalized and responded to treatment

Russia condemns North Korea's nuclear test

Hundreds of Bangladeshi garment factory workers are sick

Yemeni suicide bombers kill soldiers

Russian coal mine explosion trapped 18 people

Thai protesters break into the army headquarters

Israeli air strikes on Syria

Police fired tear gas to disperse Tunisian protesters

Egypt's main opposition rejects the president's call for dialogue

Tokyo will host the 2020 Olympic Games

The housing construction rate in May was 6.8%

&gt Cuba's Fidel Castro Takes the Chair of Latin American Countries

A 6.9 magnitude earthquake struck New Zealand

Dozens of people worried about the collapse of trapped Indian buildings

Daily news briefing: South Sudan

After suicide bombing, Islamists attacked cities in northern Mali

Britain prepares to expel Abu Katada

French Parliament Supports Prostitution Law Reform

Thai heard gunfire and explosions as they continued to protest in Bangkok

The Israeli military pays attention to the northern border

North Korea blocks Kaesong passage

Manning was sentenced to 35 years in prison

US Senate Approves Fiscal Cliff Agreement

Zimmerman stopped in Texas for speeding and was released with a warning

Iran's Rohani Warns Syria Will Drive out the Taliban

Syria denies reports of deadly nerve gas attacks in Damascus

China equities closed higher after the economic meeting

Russia Announces US $30 Billion Connection with Pacific Oil

Police killed the gunman and found three more dead at their home in Colorado

Dolce and gabbana were convicted of tax evasion

A 7.2 magnitude earthquake occurred in Pakistan: cenc

Asteroids fly between the earth and satellites

The contest for the town of Mali reflects the tactics of Islamism

Two Santa Claus trackers compete this Christmas

Training of Syrian chemical weapons transport vessels

2 dead and 11 injured in Iraq attack

Can the United States trust Syria to hand over chemical weapons?

Mexican singer Jenny Rivera is believed to have died in a plane crash

Bangladeshi court sentenced the first member to death for war crimes

Mugabe declared victory in the disputed election

Indonesia's shipwreck death toll climbed to 15

Egyptian court forbids Muslim Brotherhood

Ruhani leads in Iran's presidential election - preliminary results

Police attacked during Belfast flag protest

s. South Korea Proposes that North Korea Hold "Final" Talks on the Kaesong Issue

Indian gang rape victims "struggle in hardship"

Gunmen killed 9 foreign tourists and 1 Pakistani

Statement issued by the spokesman of High Representative Catherine Ashton on the recent series of attacks in Iraq

Egypt strengthens security before pro Morsi protests

Yasimovic Urges Cabinet to Approve the Release of Palestinian Prisoners

Palestinians again set up tents in the West Bank to protest

362 people died when buildings collapsed in Bangladesh

Israeli envoy summoned for settlement plan

Two deaths and two injuries in the Nevada high school shooting

The ban on Hamas mixed schools comes into force

A man was arrested after the police opened fire in Leeds

Ukrainian Prime Minister Resigns in Protest

Obama will re focus on the US economy

Google Launches Internet Balloon

Iraq Supports Egypt's Suppression of Mursi Supporters

Russia preliminarily agreed to the adoption ban of the United States

Five people were convicted in the organ trafficking case in Kosovo

Hrithik roshan, wife sussanne split up

The shooter among the seven dead after the Florida apartment shooting

Obama praised the progress of gay rights in his inaugural speech

15 people died in Iraq bombing

Surprisingly, Obama suspended the strike in Syria

As arms tensions escalate, Israel attacks Syria

Gunmen killed nine people in northwest Pakistan

A glimpse of the San Francisco air disaster

Eight people arrested for deadly building collapse in Bangladesh

Christmas cruise passengers are attacked by norovirus

The new information provided to the police about the death of Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed about the murder charge of Diana's death is believed to include the charge that they were murdered

Snowden asked to stay in Russia

China equities closed lower on Wednesday

Nadal missed the Australian Open due to stomach disease

Narendra Modi promises to take a tough stance against Pakistan

Egyptian Court Considers the Release of Mubarak

Boy Scouts postpone the decision to admit homosexuals

Two car bombs killed 8 people in southern Iraq

Vanderslot will marry in prison

Tokyo shares closed 0.26% lower

China's stock index futures closed higher on December 4

Photo of the day: August 7, 2013

Palestinians "hit" by Israeli fire in Gaza

Jesse Jackson and his wife plead guilty to fraud

The United States expels Venezuelan diplomats in succession

BBC veteran Hall admits child sexual abuse

7 dead and 3 injured in South China road accident

Ryanair reported record profits, but warned that growth may slow this year

Stocks concerned at the closing of Monday

Commemorating the 50th anniversary of jfk's death

A 6.3 magnitude earthquake struck Taiwan

Books to help children talk about Boston Marathon news

Technology industry heats up: Google and IBM announce strong profits

Profile of Kenya's presidential candidates

Israel Releases Palestinian Prisoners

Building collapse in Philadelphia, 8-10 people may be trapped

Obama Meets with Mandela's Family

u. US Senate Initiates Gun Control Debate

Car explosion in Damascus killed 53 people

"Friends of Syria" held talks on armed rebels in Doha

Syria condemns Israel's air strikes.

Egyptian leaders implement state of emergency in three cities

The abvp protesters clashed with the police in jantar mantar and threw stones

Trkiye's Prime Minister Urges an End to the Istanbul Protests

Two men were charged with terrorism

The European Union won the Nobel Peace Prize

The start of the San Fermin bull running festival was temporarily postponed because the Basque flag blocked the view

Up to 21 people, mostly foreigners, were killed in suicide attacks in Kabul

Former LAPD officer is being pursued in Owen's murder

Tokyo shares closed 0.88% lower

The Pakistani court demanded the atrocity of "blasphemy"

Intel's mcafee acquired stonesoft, a cloud based network firewall expert, for $389 million in cash

A magnitude 4.1 earthquake occurred in the United States

Bangladeshi opposition leader sentenced to death for war crimes

The police killer was allegedly shot in the head

A car bomb occurred at the Swedish Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, with no casualties

Musharraf was arrested in the Lal Masjid case

Iran hopes that nuclear negotiations can produce a "road map"

35 militants were killed in the attack in Afghanistan: official

It is reported that North Korea test fired short-range missiles

Thai protesters blocked the vote; One person died of violence

Chavez died of cancer in Venezuela

North Korea's third nuclear test brings it closer to nuclear power status

North Korea conducts the third nuclear test

India equities opened flat

Macao's gambling revenue reached a record 38 billion US dollars in 2012

Israel and Palestinians resume negotiations in the United States

Nelson Mandela Memorial

Nami County prepares for same-sex marriage hearing

Four USAF helicopter crews were killed in a British air crash

Tokyo will host the 2020 Olympic Games

Malaysia detains Australian senator at airport

South Korea says North Korea launched a missile

The horse meat scandal spread to France, and Britain closed the factory

US warns Syria to use chemical weapons

37 people died in Italian bus accidents

The RMB appreciated to 6.2689 against the US dollar

u. The United States recognizes the Syrian opposition

Egypt votes in the new constitution

Preston and England legend Tom Finney died at the age of 91

Car bombs cause 1 death and 5 injuries in Benghazi

Five people were killed by roadside bombs in Afghanistan

Sri Lankan Tamils voted for greater autonomy

French led forces approach Timbuktu

Two Afghan children died in NATO air strikes

Gunmen killed 11 foreign tourists in Pakistan

North Korea will stop work in the joint industrial zone

Delhi gang rape suspect "beaten and poisoned"

France promises to provide military assistance to Mali

Egypt votes on a split constitution

Reid cited "tremendous progress" in the debt ceiling negotiations

Earthquake with magnitude of 6.2 shook Sarangani

One person died and 11 were injured

Chairman of EasyJet stepped down

Obama reiterates his proposal to cut the social safety net in the big budget: assistant

Suicide bombers killed 14 people in Afghanistan's provincial council

The Committee is about to make a final major immigration decision

US military killed in an internal attack in Afghanistan

After the dog killed her daughter, the mother was arrested on suspicion of manslaughter

The train accident in Canada resulted in 5 deaths and 40 disappearances

Tunisian opposition politician shot dead

The United Nations urgently needs to significantly increase its assistance to Syria

Stocks led gains on Wall Street

George Zimmerman was acquitted of the murder of Trevor Martin

Whistleblower Edward Snowden flies to Moscow

Bomb attacks in northern Iraq killed 17 people and injured 133

Insiders reveal the secrets of 2012 election

Royal mourning for the death of the nurse

North Korea says it may delay controversial rocket launch

Criticizing Gates' memoirs shocked the Obama administration

Jeff Bezos bet $250 million to revive the Washington Post

Brooks pleads not guilty to hacker charges

Cleaning sent a chilling message to the Korean elite

South Africans celebrate Mandela's 95th birthday

Obama announces that health care law is working

Heavy rain increases the threat of flooding at Christmas

Thousands of people protested against gay marriage

The head of Taiwan's mafia was arrested at the airport 17 years later

Iran's nuclear negotiations begin in the hope of making progress

Political protests in Thailand paralyze more ministries

Amazon's Bezos will buy the Washington Post for 250 million dollars

Obama's economic journey was hit by low expectations

After the air strike, Israel vowed to take the main party seriously

France welcomes the agreement reached between the United States and Russia on the Syrian issue

More French soldiers to the Central African Republic

UN Resolution Ordering Destruction of Syrian Chemical Weapons

Exclusive update 2 - Egypt's pro Morsi alliance shows the flexibility of negotiations

David Beckham will retire at the end of the season

Libya suddenly closed its borders with four countries

The 6.0 earthquake in Greece -- USD

Chase the man trapped in the sea

The militants plan to escape from prison in Pakistan

More than 500 people were injured when the meteorite hit central Russia

The snowstorm brought us to a standstill towards the northeast

NATO protesters acquitted on terrorism charges

"Reputation on the Syrian issue"

US Taliban on Pakistan's agenda

Egypt's Interior Minister survived the bomb attack

On Thursday, the RMB fell to 6.2767 against the US dollar

Obama Holds Talks on Syria Action

Egypt "Freezing Muslim Brotherhood Assets"

zen reports that high maintenance is not easy

Tony Abbott is sworn in as the new Prime Minister of Australia

Egyptian Army Cracks Down on Brotherhood

Venezuela's Parliament Meets in Chavez's Health Crisis

Syrian opposition threatens to withdraw from negotiations

Pakistan suicide bomber kills police

Anti government protesters stormed the streets of Kiev

Chicago Man Sentenced for Terror

US drone strikes northwest Pakistan, killing 3 people

Rail failure interrupted train service between Raffles Square and Marina Bay

Manning was sentenced to 35 years for leaking government secrets

British police say the helicopter crash has nothing to do with terrorism

Suicide Bombs Kill 13 People in Southern Russia

The violent attacks in Iraq resulted in 41 deaths and 22 injuries

Kerry will visit Jordan, Israel and Palestinian peace

Unemployment rate in the euro area hit a new record

Nelson Mandela's real hero is not Gandhi, but Nehru

Facing bailout tax, Cypriots try to get cash from banks

Obama signs up for the Obama campaign

Lance Armstrong confesses everything to Oprah

David Cameron said Andy Murray should be knighted

The CSI 300 Index closed higher on October 14

US State Department made mistakes on Benghazi issue

The French football team will host the Australian team for the first time in October

Honduras Ambassador to Colombia was dismissed after a wild party

Syria must destroy chemical weapons

Middle Mediterranean moderate tremor

Three Afghans died in suicide attacks

Suicide bombs hit the Egyptian military in Sinai, killing six people

Asian markets rose on positive US economic data

Suicide bombers killed 9 people at a political rally in Pakistan

Four Mursi supporters were killed in the Egyptian conflict

The students ride on the radio

Officer Pistorius withdrew from the case

Vinnie Jones Reveals New Progress in Cancer Fight

Pakistan Taliban leader Hakimula Mehsud was killed in a drone attack

Air strikes on bakeries in central Syria killed dozens

Pakistani gunmen killed one soldier and wounded two others

Police confirm how the suspect was captured

Syrian chemical weapons begin to be destroyed

Canadian floods force another city to evacuate

United Nations Says US UAVs Infringe Pakistan's Sovereignty

Obama praised Mandela's "inspiration"

Obama came to "listen" to the voice of Israel and the Palestinians

Email - oil companies ask about the meeting between traders and ministers

Nigerian police attack death toll rises to 30

Syria "Declares Chemical Weapons and Sign the Convention"

Australia to lift soaring national debt ceiling

Asian equities hit a three week high on hopes for a US debt deal

Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti Resigns

South Africa Admits the Mistake of "Schizophrenic" Mandela Signer

Iran said there are still serious problems in nuclear negotiations

People gather in Bethlehem for Christmas

Seven peacekeepers were killed in Darfur, Sudan

NATO: Patriot Missile Battalion on the Syrian Border

US stock market plummeted on the third day of suspension

Guinea votes in a long delayed legislative vote

NATO: 3 soldiers killed in Afghanistan attack

Israeli soldiers attack Palestinian children in Hebron

UN warns of Israel's attack on Syria

The Egyptian army launched a new air strike against the Sinai militants

French Army Attacks Al Qaeda's Malian Allies

Egyptian police fired tear gas at Brotherhood protesters

The Syrian regime agreed to participate in the peace conference

Dozens of people were injured when Boeing 777 crashed at San Francisco Airport

13 children died in a fire in a mosque in Myanmar

As the deadline approaches, the US Senate will vote on the fiscal cliff agreement

The man with a knife was arrested at the entrance of Buckingham Palace

Five people buried in an avalanche in Colorado

Ban Ki moon will review Syria's chemical weapons agreement

The President of Iraq is hospitalized due to health problems

Malaysia's long ruling coalition continues to hold power

Explosion near Iranian Embassy in Beirut

19 injured in the shooting in New Orleans

Hagel bemoans the "political" changes in the US defense budget

u. The United States bans liquid and gel on flights to Russia

The Egyptian Brotherhood will survive the killing

NATO forces killed two Afghan children

Iranian President Calls for New Nuclear Negotiations

The flood caused two deaths, 75000 from Calgary families

Four NATO troops died in Afghanistan

Typhoon Fito Landed in East China

Mandela will spend Christmas in the hospital

Export polls show Putin's allies win votes in Moscow

The judge pleaded not guilty to James Holmes

At least 45 people died in a Spanish train crash

Chris Fromm goes to the Tour de France by bike

Apple Apps Guide Drivers to Alaska Airport Runway

Suspected US drones killed 3 militants in Pakistan

Francis began his papacy with prayer

The United States Senate will hold a meeting, because the way out of the financial impasse is still far away

Egypt's brotherhood is in as much trouble as its leaders

China's new stealth frigate is in service

Violence in Iraq kills 11 people

Tense protests continue in the Ukrainian capital

The British were released after kidnapping in Sinai, Egypt - Sources

Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear agreement

Israel faces strong European opposition to the solution

Obama mocks himself at the press dinner

Allen responded to Farrow's allegations of abuse in his letter

More than 1000 prisoners escaped from al kweifiya prison in Libya

What is the nuclear option?

Foreign Exchange&amp; Gold March 6, 2013

Suicide attacks by Muslims in Niger kill 21 people

u. The United States determines that Syria has used chemical weapons

Snowden's father arrived in Moscow

Pakistan Taliban appoints new leader after drone attack

Two explosions in Pakistan killed at least 40 people

Muslim Brotherhood Supporters Died in Cairo Conflict

With the acceleration of mobile advertising, Facebook's revenue soared by 63%

Special Envoy of Syria Calls on the Government of National Unity

37 Dead in Italian Tourist Bus Accident

Rogers and videotron expand their business scope through network sharing protocols

China equities closed lower on Thursday

When Berlusconi voted in the election, naked women protested against him

Indonesia: Volcanic eruption in Indonesia killed 14 students

Italy's new government has reached an agreement

Obama mourns the death of Nelson Mandela, his idol

Goa is Modi's first step into Delhi

Singapore equities rose 0.4%

Maldives Holds New Presidential Election

Egypt announced the arrest of 1004 Muslim Brotherhood supporters

The New World Trade Center was declared the tallest building in the United States.

According to the newspaper, March 12, 2013

Israel's Green Light Illuminates the Homes of 1500 Settlers

Pierce Morgan was questioned by the police

The gang rape case of Mumbai photographers was solved, and five defendants were arrested

The spy captured by Israel in Mossad, Yemen

Pakistani girls have learned a hard lesson

Egypt's Interim President Appoints Two Advisers

China launches its first air-to-air missile from a helicopter

Britain confirms concerns about Syrian chemical weapons

Repression in Egypt Draws Condemnation

Egypt swears in as new interim leader

17 killed in Pakistan car explosion

Pakistan Taliban Senior Commander Arrested in Afghanistan

Spanish Train Crash Driver Faces Judge Interrogation

The stock closed 0.39% higher

The United States released a preliminary report on the impact of hydraulic fracturing on water

Russia "alone" accused Syrian rebels of launching chemical attacks: the United States

Filipino rebels reach a wealth sharing agreement

The death toll of violence in western China rose to 35

Imran will compete from four na seats

The pioneering Israeli electric vehicle company is more suitable for bankruptcy

Houston Texas coach Gary Kubiak was hospitalized after falling during the game

The pro Pakistan Taliban warlord was killed in the US drone attack

20 people killed by car bombs in northwestern Syria

South Korean soldiers kill men trying to cross into North Korea

Spanish train crash kills 50 people

Five foreigners sentenced to death for smuggling drugs in Egypt

French train derailed south of Paris

Ronald Reagan, former spokesman of the US President, died

Egypt votes on a new constitution

Obama Meets Mandela's Family, Idol Still in Hospital

Weak earnings dragged down US equities in early trading

Three people died after the helicopter crashed into the bar

Nigerian MP accused of taking bribes

In early trading, the rupee fell 8 paiss against the dollar

Israel Peres Urges a Return to Peace Talks

At 1:15 p.m. EDT, Obama will deliver a speech on the Syrian issue at the White House

India stock market opened low

The United States is ready to take separate action against Syria

Belfast briefly clashed with the police

Earthquakes in China: the death toll rises

Four people were arrested because the number of Bangladeshi buildings rose to 352

International condemnation of the use of chemical weapons in Syria

A new strong earthquake hit the shattered Park area

Indian Army Kills Pakistani Soldiers on the Line of Control in Kashmir

Pope Benedict XVI bid farewell to the Cardinal

China's new aircraft carrier expands the process of military modernization

Brazilian leaders hold crisis talks on street protests

Tropical storm andre is hurtling up the east coast

Four people died in Indonesian train accident

Israel pushes ahead with plans to build 900 settlements

Miss New York won the Miss America title

Austria Found 56 Stolen Skulls in Its Museum

The United States prepares to attend Obama's inauguration

Suspected Saudi militants died during their detention in Lebanon

A man set himself on fire in a national shopping mall

Seven people were killed in the Iraq attack

Thousands of people protested against gay marriage

India Ink: Image of the day: January 27

US Capitol was blocked after the shooting

China's first free trade pilot zone opened

12 killed and 25 injured by bomb explosion in northwest Pakistan

Selected Pictures of Building Collapse in Bangladesh

Chinese courts maintain the death penalty for Mekong River murderers

Egyptian protesters "dispersed"

Pakistan school bus gas cylinder explosion kills 17 people

North Korean cargo reveals missile maintenance trade with Cuba

Israeli troops detained five Palestinians in the West Bank

Protests swept Brazil despite concessions

Angela Merkel wins her third term in the German election

Korean workers began to leave the joint factory area

The Senate will vote for Hagelnoord

Suicide bombing at Russian railway station killed 15 people and injured dozens

Cambodian opposition leader Sam Reisi returns to the election

The West hailed the Syrian opposition's vote to join the peace talks

Obama Goes to Tornado ravaged Oklahoma

During Obama's vacation, no agreement was reached on the fiscal cliff

Syrian car bombs have killed at least 12 people in rebel controlled towns

Kerry: A $4 billion Palestinian economic plan may work

359 people died when buildings collapsed in Bangladesh

Tens of people died in the fighting in the Central African Republic

Libya threatens military action against oil protesters

Trade unions in Trkiye called for a strike Monday to protest against police violence

Fitch Promotes Greece's Credit Rating

Gunmen ambush police ships in Nigeria's oil region

The Russians who left Syria entered Lebanon

Two US soldiers were killed in an "insider" attack in Afghanistan

Nelson Mandela, a South African idol, is hospitalized

Pope Francis condemns the global disregard for suffering

Supreme Justice Mansur was sworn in as interim president of Egypt

Explosion in eastern Afghanistan killed 10 young girls

Kenyan police arrested key al shabaab recruiters and financiers

Obama will announce his gun control plan on Wednesday

In the Boston Marathon, bombs killed two people and injured dozens

Syria's chemical weapons may be at sea

The President and Sri Lanka reached an early ecological partnership

Three released center abuse investigations

Two people were injured when a bomb exploded in a Greek shopping center

Six Australians were killed in a plane crash in Laos

Three people including the gunman were killed in the shooting at the Maryland shopping center

The United Nations confirmed the use of sarin in the Syrian attack

Seven people died in monster truck accident

Merkel competes for a third term in the German election

Former Virginia Governor Bob MacDonald is Accused of Corruption

Dashers Tyson Gay and Assafa Powell tested positive for prohibited substances

An earthquake of magnitude 6.3 occurred in Honshu, Japan: cenc

Pakistan to release top Afghan Taliban prisoners

Egyptian court orders Mubarak's release

US investigators are waiting to investigate the arrested Boston bombing

10 dead and 5 injured in road accidents in southwest China

Bollywood cut costs by a third as the rupee plummeted

Women will face higher car insurance premiums

The tornado swept the central and western regions, killing 6 people and destroying the surrounding areas

China allows US regulators to access audit records

Singapore equities closed 0.26% higher

Iran's Atomic Energy Agency has held talks for the first time since Ruhani was elected

China's New Premier Rejects US Hacker Allegations

Johar Zarnayev pleads not guilty to the Boston bombing charges

Photo of the day: August 7, 2013

The son of a Chinese general was sentenced to 10 years in prison for rape

p. G. The police are looking for the driver who killed the child

Egypt to hold presidential election before parliamentary vote

The Pentagon has adjusted its plans for a more aggressive attack on Syria

East Timor prohibits martial arts clubs from killing

Afghan legislators approve new electoral laws

In Pakistan, the army is firmly opposed to another Taliban

Egyptian Army Pushes for Attacks on Kidnappers

When Mandela was buried, South Africans mourned

Witnesses heard a loud noise during the Boston Marathon

Mysterious crossword puzzle Saturday, April 27

Captain Costa Concordia will be tried for manslaughter

The Israeli Minister lashed out at Kerry's boycott warning

Angelina Jolie's aunt died of breast cancer

Suu Kyi of Myanmar urges political party unity during quarrel

10 Things to Know on Wednesday

The White House and defense contractors discuss the dangers of automatic spending cuts

Chavez died of cancer in Venezuela

Former President of Zambia Arrested

US Senate Confirms Yellen as the Next Chairman of the Federal Reserve

26 Palestinian prisoners released from Israeli prisons

Asian equities rebounded after a series of optimistic data

Bomb attacks in northern Iraq killed 17 people and injured 133

Officials injured in anti rape protests in India die

Cyprus rescue speech shocked the market

The factions nominated national leader Bianca Ojuvu Apgar

The United States cannot "finalize" the use of chemical weapons in Syria

The gunmen raided the village, killing 12 people

Egypt closes Muslim Brotherhood newspapers

A strong earthquake in western China killed 47 people

Snowden thanked Russia for its asylum

The Senate confirmed Yellen as Chairman of the Federal Reserve

The French army captured the key town of Mali

Suspects in the Boston bombings are buried in Virginia

A "huge and extremely dangerous" tornado is heading for Oklahoma City

The hostage incident continued after the Alabama school bus shooting

Palestinian President Appoints Scholars to Form West Bank Government

Malala in Pakistan leaves the hospital waiting for surgery

They were found dead in the swimming pool of the Essex Hotel

Pakistan condemns US drone attack on Shawar

Residents return to the Texas blast site

South Africa Prays for Nelson Mandela

Iran's President Ahmadinejad may face charges for attending elections with aides

The militia promised to strengthen the minimum wage

Singapore equities fell 0.44%

Snipers awaiting the outcome of the appeal

Apple Shares Hit iPhone Disappointment

EU extends sanctions against Zimbabwe

Occupied Palestinian Territory: Palestinians Reject the Blueprint of US Peace Talks

The owner and others are accused of Bangladesh factory fire

Egypt will attract Gulf investors

US and Russia reach an agreement on the Syrian issue

Position of Palestine and Jordan in coordinating peace negotiations

Votes in three provinces were cancelled in the tense Thai election

Obama Cancels Moscow Putin Meeting

KLCI futures fluctuated during the trading day

Suspected US drone attack killed 5 people in Pakistan

Egyptian court orders Mubarak's release

Hollande "threatened to take legal action" after scandal allegations

Iranian exiles report death in Iraqi camps

Pistorius, the "Silver Wing Killer", challenges the murder charge

The Israeli army detained two people during the arrest in Hebron

Egyptians Vote on a Constitution Supported by Islam

Mexico swears in as president in violent protests

The helicopter crashed near London Railway Station

Indonesian capital prays for subway to ease traffic chaos

Japanese aircraft fly into China's new defense zone

Typhoon survivors raided shops in the Philippines

15 people in Hezbollah strongholds in Lebanon were injured by car bombs

Rf fm urges the Syrian opposition to assist in the immediate release of all foreigners arrested in Syria

The train accident in Canada resulted in 5 deaths and 40 disappearances

US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as Chairman of the Federal Reserve

After Hakimula Mehsud was killed in a drone attack, Khan said he was appointed the new leader of the Taliban in Pakistan

At least 66 people died in Iraq's bomb explosion

Russia destroyed more than 75% of its chemical weapons stockpiles

Death toll from Iran earthquake rises

Suarez is ready to return to the Cup

Maldives Team Observes Election in India

Storm Crawford attacks northern Europe, and the death toll rises to 6

Pakistan Releases Afghan Taliban Senior Prisoners

Mixed reaction to same-sex marriage in New Zealand

Television weather forecaster Fred Talbot arrested for sexual assault

u. US drone attack killed 5 people in Pakistan

Indian building collapse; 25 people trapped

Somalia Shebab claimed responsibility for the Nairobi shopping center attack

The Syrian Army Promotes the Strategic Town

Israel agrees to release Palestinian prisoners

Tens of people died when clashes broke out at a rally in Morsi, Cairo

Thai opposition protesters begin to close Bangkok

Spanish train crash driver will be questioned

France praises the breakthrough made by the United States and Russia after reaching an agreement on the Syrian weapons issue

Isaf soldiers died in "internal attacks" in Afghanistan

About 60 people were crushed to death in the Ivory Coast stampede

Glasgow helicopter crash search over

Three people died in the US Marathon bomb

Swiss tourists are gang raped in India

India prepares for a large-scale cyclone

Disciplinary action against student gunmen believed to have caused the Colorado shooting

Road Tunnel Collapse in Japan Causes Death

No plan to shut down the gasoline pump at night

Clinton will testify about the attacks in Benghazi this month

Tens of thousands of Ukrainians protested in Kiev

Karzai Will Visit Pakistan to Participate in Taliban Peace Talks

Thieves snatched the wheelchair customized by English Channel swimmers

Three people died in Tiananmen accident

Singapore equities fell on Friday

Obama promises to revive the economy

Two Earthquakes Occurred in Northwest China, killing 11

The "white" bulge was sentenced to life imprisonment twice in a row

Kenyan army led to the collapse of shopping malls

Pakistan Mission to the United Arab Emirates Prepares for the Election

More than 500 people died in construction disasters in Bangladesh

The end of the Algerian hostage crisis; Unknown number of deaths

The Egyptian Foreign Ministry once again urged the cessation of pro Morsi protests

Mandela in South Africa was taken to hospital

The RMB appreciated to 6.2689 against the US dollar

The police questioned the man in the fatal crash on the la plank road

Trkiye riot police tear up Vastaksim Square protest

The Chicago shootings show a gap in policing

The FBI requires safe vehicle to vehicle communication

North Korea refuses to negotiate

Prince Charles compares Putin to Hitler

Iran warns against military intervention in Iraq

Israeli Prime Minister Accuses Iran's President of Hypocrisy

Cairo police clashed with youth after anti Mursi protests

Senior diplomats meet in Munich at a critical moment

Snowden "Ecuador gives refugees documents"

President na's speech on world press freedom day

EU Foreign Ministers to Discuss Syria's Arms Embargo

The death toll from the Philippines earthquake rose to 185

Stocks concerned at the closing of Monday

Military aircraft killed 38 militants in an air strike in northwestern Pakistan

Egyptian police fired tear gas at protesters in Cairo

Philippines elected second senator due to corruption

German envoy is optimistic about Iran's talks with the g5+1

Paco de Lucia, the famous Spanish Flamencogita hand, died

Chinese icebreaker turns to suspicious object

Snowden encountered obstacles in seeking asylum

The death toll from building collapse in southern India increased to 47

Pakistan imposes temporary ban on two TV channels

Palestinian prisoners arrive in Mukata, Ramallah

10 dead and 5 injured in road accidents in southwest China

Thai military government gathers security forces to suppress protests in Bangkok

Taro Aso refuses to resign because of Nazi remarks

Explosions outside two mosques in Tripoli, Lebanon, killing 29 people

Pakistani fighter planes bombed the "Taliban hideout"

Gunmen killed 8 people in the second attack in Kenya

u. The United States resumed the search for the missing British crew after it became public

At least 13 people have been killed in Iraqi bomb attacks

Egyptian army will block access to Mursi protest camp

Doris Lessing, the Nobel writer, died at the age of 94

Japanese opposition leader criticizes Abe's economic policy

Three suspects in the Boston bombing are detained

Ukrainian opposition leaders want more protests

The Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela

US equities fell moderately

The latest anti Muslim violence in Myanmar resulted in 1 death and 10 injuries

Suspected US drone attack killed 5 people in Pakistan

The note on Friday, May 24, 2013 must be read

22 people died in a mine accident in southwestern China

New York Police Twitter Outreach backfired

The search in Trkiye ended with the discovery of the last missing miner.

Iran Predicts Failure of Palestinian Israeli Peace Talks

Olivia Coleman won the second prize of BAFTA

The Titanic's violin auction set a record $1.4 million.

Ankit Chawan was granted parole for marriage

JAL placed its first Airbus order with Boeing

Sienna Miller testified in a British wiretapping case

Israel attacked two Palestinians in Jerusalem

EU extends sanctions against Russia

Cuba believes that foreign investment plays a "major role"

Cory Montes was found dead in the hotel room.

The Prime Minister of Lebanon formed a "unity cabinet". The Prime Minister of Lebanon formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office and joined a wide range of political groups after overcoming serious differences.

The first Iranian president in the world

Cameron is "indifferent" to halal meat.

The oldest person in the world died at the age of 116.

Congressional records show GM's recall is slow

The death toll from the explosion in Lebanon increased to 47.

Greek far right leader jailed pending trial

The factory owner in Bangladesh was arrested and nearly 350 people died.

Four Egyptian soldiers were killed in the Sinai ambush

Beijing aircraft carrier returns from the South China Sea

Egyptian courts hear cases against Mubarak and Islamists

Moscow Crimea's success may lead to the redrawing of Ukraine's eastern border

Nelson Mandela died at the age of 95.

King Albert II of Belgium Resigns for His Son

The Nazi leader Gestapo was "buried in a Jewish cemetery"

Voting for the highest and lowest wages in Switzerland

Kevin Rudd was sworn in as Prime Minister of Australia

Protesters in Donetsk arrested trucks carrying rockets and government ammunition

Karen Black died at the age of 74.

Bill Roach of Corona Street was arrested.

The Red Sox beat the Tigers at the World Championships.

At least 22 people died in China after the earthquake.

The news is my business.

The death toll per helicopter in Glasgow has increased to nine.

Beckham will retire at the end of the season.

Afghanistan: A military bus is attacked by suicide bomb, 8 people are killed

Kim Jong Il of North Korea welcomes the execution of a powerful uncle

EU and Myanmar reach an investment protection agreement

Tehelka editor involved in sexual assault scam

Margaret Thatcher, Iron Lady, died at the age of 87.

Four Mursi supporters were killed in the Egyptian conflict

The United Nations condemns the genocide in South Sudan's Oil City

The Federal Bureau of Investigation rejected Morningyao's appeal.

Bangkok police fired tear gas at demonstrators.

Shooting, demonstration and voting in Thailand

China's stock index futures fell on April 23

Seven Filipinos were killed in the attack in Yemen

Israel stops air strikes; Palestinian criticism

Protesters in Kiev Overthrew the Statue of Lenin

Iran "foils nuclear sabotage attempts"

On Tuesday, the yuan rose to 61184 against the US dollar.

Protesters gathered in Brazil despite concessions.

The Queen visited the London soldiers at the scene of the attack

The Indian and Chinese troops withdrew to the de facto border and reached an agreement on confrontation

Boston breathed a sigh of relief, and the second suspect was arrested.

The Syrian army recaptured the Crusader castle from the rebels

Saudi Arabia will contribute $3 billion to the Lebanese army

Release of Ukrainian Red Cross staff

Syrian envoy said there would be no peace talks without the opposition

The Queen will become the largest airline in history.

Bangladeshi militants escape from prison trucks in a bomb attack

Mali found the remains of an Algerian aircraft carrying 116 people

Influential Palestinians are seeking a democratic state

A Russian plane crashed, killing dozens.

US Retailer Agrees to Bangladesh Factory Safety Agreement

Start shutting down US government - Live update

Suicide bombers have killed 14 people in Afghanistan.

China launches probes and rovers to the moon

Everyone is following Hursid's journey

Australia has lowered interest rates to historic lows

China News Agency Condemns Aircraft Search Delay

Classic crossword puzzle Saturday, June 1

North Korea is testing 30 short-range missiles

A Palestinian diplomat was killed in an explosion in Prague

Novice "Driving Korean Ferry"

Chinese President Meets with Indian Vice President

Police said that a young girl, Cherica Marsh, who was killed in east London, was shot in the neck.

The attack on Nairobi resulted in 59 deaths.

China's Peace Ark leaves for the Philippines on Thursday

Iranian dissidents killed in Iraq

James Gandalfany died at the age of 51.

Nearly 9 million people are "in debt"

Update - Two explosions near the finish line of the Boston Marathon

12 people died in Pakistan train bomb explosion

New Cold War

Eight years later, the Cuban "lady" won the European Union Award

14 people died in a bus accident in Brazil

America: Assad's Use of Chemical Weapons against Syrian Rebels  Global Voices

194 people died in the collapse of Bangladesh

Missing Israeli youth in the West Bank

The President mourns Mandela's death

Two explosions near the Iranian Embassy in Beirut, killing seven people

Singapore equities rose 0.31% on Monday

23 Iraqi recruits were killed in suicide attacks

Deaf customers sued Starbucks and were laughed at.

Thousands of people evacuated in Moscow subway fire

In Pakistan, 38 people were killed in torrential rain and mountain torrents

Seven people were killed by Shiite militants in northern Yemen

Iran Excluded from Syrian Peace Talks: United Nations

Kerry Calls on Congress to Stop Closing

Canadian Railway Conspiracy Suspects Deny Allegations

Separatists in eastern Ukraine demand to join Russia

Kevin Rudd swears in as Australia's new prime minister

Lunar rocks indicate that the earth's sphere was caused by collision

Blackberry lost $965 million in the second quarter

Egypt firmly opposes military action against Syria

Pro Russian rebels shoot down Malaysian aircraft: Ukraine

No shipboard dispute with Jakarta: Abbott

The United States believes that Syria may have used chemical weapons

Egyptian opposition criticized the president's speech

The Syrian war has been going on for years

Russia says it has launched ballistic missiles in the Mediterranean

Indonesia Volcanic Explosion - 100000 People Evacuated, Airports Closed

The violent attacks in Iraq resulted in 49 deaths and 148 injuries.

Ukranianukovic said he did not intend to resign.

Floods in eastern Afghanistan killed 58 people.

Investigators are investigating why the gunman relaxed at the airport.

Anger of a 6-year-old Indian girl after being raped at school

Janet Yellen Becomes the First Woman to Lead the Federal Reserve

Iran Restarts Nuclear Talks under the Leadership of World Power Rouhani

Egypt prohibits Muslim Brotherhood

The explosion of an oil train in Canada is expected to cause more deaths

Philippines postpones comments on Taiwan fishermen attacks

The masses and dignitaries gathered at the Mandela memorial ceremony

Obama urged Israelis and Palestinians to exercise restraint

Russia Releases Doctor Greenpeace

Russian aircraft wreckage found a year later

An American drone attacked a wedding in Yemen, killing 17 people

China's manufacturing index hit an 11 month low: HSBC

France prohibits children from beauty contests

Today, December 2

Training Syrian transport vessels chemical weapon

The building collapsed in Mumbai, India, killing 29 people.

Extremists claimed responsibility for the attacks in Niger

Pro Russian forces enter Ukraine's naval base in Crimea

The body of the missing Korean tycoon was found at the scene.

No news from Nelson Mandela.

Ukraine: 9 people died in the Kyiv conflict

US Air Surveillance Mission Helps Find the Kidnapped Nigerian Girl

Prince George was baptized at St. James' Palace

Monty Python will be the new assembly

Italian Foreign Minister Meets with Vice President of Ghana

Police say the gunman who took the Atlanta suburb firefighters hostage has died.

Bradley Manning's WikiLeaks case is under trial.

Egypt public opinion survey: 98% support the new constitution

Six major powers Iran signed a historic nuclear agreement

Israeli forces arrested six Palestinians during a night raid on the West Bank.

The Hague pays attention to Zimbabwe's election behavior

Hong Kong equities closed higher

Distinguished guests pay tribute to Paul Desmaras

Southwest flight grounded due to computer failure

Mortar attacks on the Vatican Embassy in Syria

North Korea blocks access to EU industrial zone

Islamic militants killed nine foreign tourists and one Pakistani

"Western" forces attack the bases of Islamic militants in Somalia

A large-scale democratic rally on the anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China

A suicide bombing in Iraq killed 20 people.

Five children were buried alive in the landslide of Boer Mountain

Six people were killed by hot lava when Indonesia's volcano erupted

At least 11 people died when a building collapsed in India.

Egypt's presidential election begins

The son of a famous American evangelist, Rick Warren, committed suicide.

Italian parliament supports the new afternoon

Russian legislators passed a new law restricting the Internet

The strongest typhoon Haiyan hit the Philippines this season

NATO condemns Ukraine's repression

China will investigate EU wine exports

Conan O'Brien at the White House Press Dinner

Suspects of the Boston bombing are charged; Religious motivation

Asian markets have mixed views on China's trade data

The oldest person in the world died in Japan at the age of 116.

Indian exchange rate

Forest fires in Colorado destroyed more than 90 homes because of the growing wind.

Indonesia Island 6.3 Earthquake

The US and Afghan governments will start peace talks with the Taliban

News on terrorism and the Palestinian Israeli conflict (January 22, 2014)

"It is too late or too early to intervene in Syria"

Iran Nuclear Negotiating Group Goes to Kazakhstan

US factory orders fell 0.7% in January

Armed personnel surrounded the Libyan Foreign Ministry to advance these demands.

The death toll from the typhoon increased to 3633.

The President of Uganda Signed the Anti gay Bill

The Russian Parliament authorizes Putin to use force in Ukraine

Bradley Manning was acquitted for helping the enemy.

G7 "Strengthening sanctions against Russia"

The rock band's plane made an emergency landing when he was ill.

The second day of Russian Prime Minister's visit to Crimea

Judge Oakes forced California prisoners to eat.

Gang violence in venezuelan prisons leads to 16 deaths

US forces killed 2153 people in Afghanistan

Israel and Palestine want to meet again on Monday: American officials

Tropical Storm Karen Attacks US Gulf Coast

The Irish poet Hiny died at the age of 74.

Bangladeshi Islamic Anti Atheist Gathering Blog

Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 crashed in eastern Ukraine.

A suicide bomber killed 13 people in a restaurant in central Somalia.

Anthony Weiner fell to fourth place in the new demonstration.

India accused China of crossing the de facto border

A pregnant Sudanese woman married a Christian sentenced to death for treason

The wife of American diplomat John Kerry was taken to hospital.

Kerry pursues the "silence strategy" in the Middle East peace process

North Korea says it will restart the reactor

Egyptian court is considering the release of Mubarak

Eight people were killed and 13 injured in the Afghan capital

The suspect in the Boston bombings is accused of lying in a hospital bed.

More rain can prevent floods in India

Summary of major terrorist attacks in East Africa

Russia Responds to Ukraine's Ceasefire

Kim Jong un executed his uncle "worse than a dog".

Provide colorful support for the Brazil World Cup

Mandela is still in the hospital.

Korean ferry crew test

Egypt voted for a new constitution

Six Pakistani officials killed in US drone attack

Vietnam detected the signal of the missing plane

The Fourth Test Scoreboard between British Cricket and Australian Cricket

North Korea celebrates its birthday in Peru

Solomon Islands 7.6 earthquake

Indian Ink: Today's picture: May 21

Australian leaders were ousted in a leadership vote.

Obama condemns violence in Egypt and cancels military exercises

Argentina pays tribute to flood victims

A mixture of old and new baptisms

According to the Wall Street Journal, May 20, 2013

Google released Nexus 5 mobile phone with KitKat

Hizbullah bombed southern Beirut

US allies will intensify sanctions against Russia and Ukraine

Factories relying on South Korean cooperation remain silent

Chinese Premier Meets with Indian Vice President

Algerian President Inspected in France

As the conflict continues in Kenya's shopping centers, about 30 hostages are still kidnapped by Islamists.

Manchester City won the Premier League title for the second time in three years

The bodies of the victims of the MH17 plane crash to the Netherlands

Egyptian police were killed in an attack on the Sinai Peninsula.

Iran's nuclear talks may be delayed

A fire broke out in a Russian psychiatric hospital, killing 38 people.

Russia warns that it may not sign the landmark UN arms treaty

Syria

North Korea: Experts call for dialogue, China must play a role

China equities rose on Monday

Sony Xperia Z2 and Nokia X-Series

The new coronavirus can be transmitted from person to person - WHO

Mandela returned to the hospital in a serious but stable condition.

The death toll from explosion in East Harlem District increased

Ukrainian Prime Minister Resigns During Protests

Royal prank DJ's action against broadcasting

Arsenal vs Stoke Live!

Business News and Market: April 17, 2013

Iran, a world power, starts a new round of nuclear negotiations

Tropical Storm Karen Attacks US Gulf Coast

Workers died when buildings collapsed in India.

North Korea launches three short-range missiles

A car bomb in northwestern Pakistan killed 37 people.

Malaysia Airlines lost contact with a plane carrying 239 passengers to Beijing.

Microsoft said it would cut 18000 jobs

The Malaysian people voted for stability or change

The fire destroyed the ancient Tibetan city in China.

Yahoo agreed to buy Tumblr for $1.1 billion in cash

India begins to vote in the world's largest election

At least 12 people were killed by car bombs in northern Syria.

The death toll from the Philippines earthquake increased to 73.

Search for missing asylum seekers

The President of Ukraine has ordered a seven day ceasefire in the eastern region

ICC Champion Trophy: India vs South Africa

Supreme Court Takes Affirmative Action on Michigan Anti smoking Case

September 30 Headlines of Iran's major newspapers

The hurricane left a trail of destruction in India.

The Taliban killed 15 policemen in western Afghanistan

Thousands of people gathered to support the Tunisian government

Mandela was taken to hospital in South Africa

Update - Two explosions near the finish line of the Boston Marathon

At least two people were killed in clashes in southern Egypt.

Winter Storm Ion: Status

53 bodies found south of Baghdad

20 people died in the bombing in the Christian district of Baghdad

China determines the trial date

Muslims prepare for the start of Ramadan

Japan attacks Russian military aircraft with jet aircraft

Thousands of Britons receive benefits in Germany

Five people were killed in Pakistan by an American drone attack.

Obama will sign a contract with Obama

GE's third quarter profit fell 9%

The RMB fell to US $61535

Russia convicted the late lawyer Magnitsky in a postmortem trial.

"Trayvon could be me"

China has sent the largest fleet to the disputed islands

Kerry's plan to resume talks calls for the release of 103 Palestinian prisoners

Police: Belfast Cathedral Explosion

Syrians protested against Erdogan in Paris, and Venezuela stressed its support for Syria

Prime Minister seeks nuclear agreement and investment during his visit to Japan

US postpones missile test due to tension in North Korea

Obama will meet privately with Nelson Mandela's family

At least six people were killed in the US gunfight.

10 people were killed by gunmen in political violence in the Philippines

Israel shot down a Lebanese drone

Israel allows the release of the first batch of Palestinian prisoners before peace talks

Fatal conflict in Egypt

NATO: 5 Americans killed in southern Afghanistan

A liar disguised as a woman is stealing money.

Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro was found hanging in his cell.

Google launches self driving car prototype

Eight people died in a fire at a clothing factory in Bangladesh

The United States is trying to appease its Gulf allies who are wary of Iran's agreement

Ukraine Hosts Joint Talks

Pakistan Musharraf Arrested in Bhutto's Assassination

The date of Egypt's trial of the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood

A short trip to the Panda Zoo

Israeli doctors may be tried abroad for forcibly feeding Palestinian prisoners

The boiler factory in Washington is preparing for historic sales.

Rio de Janeiro Airport Workers Strike on the eve of FIFA World Cup

The son of the leader of the Supreme Muslim Brotherhood was killed.

Six major powers Iran signed a historic nuclear agreement

The hot air balloon in Virginia caught fire

Speech by leader and family of Mandela Memorial

The Indians of Bombay put T&T in his place

KL shares continued to rise in the afternoon

On November 20, 2013, according to a news article

Amazon Launches New Streaming Video Device

Palestinian President Meets with Jordanian Foreign Minister

Obama Appoints New Secretary of Transportation

RMB fell to 61059 USD

The French attacked the wine cellar for a fierce auction

The United States and Russia agree to detain Syrian chemical weapons

South Korean Congressman to Visit Kaesong Building

Algerian priests will teach Christian heritage in North Africa

April 5 Headlines of Iran's major newspapers

Impact of Palestinian reconciliation

The hijacking stopped after the plane landed at Geneva Airport.

PCB designates Waka Younis as coach

The United States supports actions against Syria

Protesters in Ankara clashed with the police.

The violent attacks in Iraq resulted in 49 deaths and 148 injuries.

Puerto Ricans arrested for child pornography

Russia finally annexed Crimea, and Ukraine signed the EU trade agreement

Assad warned Trkiye to pay a "heavy price" for supporting Syrian rebels

India equities closed lower

The violent attacks in Iraq resulted in 19 deaths and 42 injuries.

The accused of rape in India was sentenced

Iran's nuclear agreement was reached during the talks

Egyptian military spokesman accused of inciting the army

Snowden thinks we don't have a fair trial.

December 30 Headlines of Iran's major newspapers

Dozens of people were injured in a railroad collision in Connecticut.

The Queen Visits the Prince of New England

Ukraine: Three people died in parliamentary protests

The operator of the amusement facility is prosecuted for an accident involving unfair trade

The report card reveals the confusion of the evacuation of South Korean ferries

An American firefighter fell down and took him home.

The Syrian regime agreed to participate in the peace conference

Britain voted against military action

Legalization of same-sex marriage in New Zealand

Singapore equities closed at 0.37%

Venezuelan President Visits China

Protesters in Cairo ignored the threat of repression

Search for the missing plane to Vietnam Island

Malaysian Airlines officials inform families of missing passengers of search progress

Celebrities pay tribute to Cory Montes

Staff at Los Angeles Airport are under control.

The information on Friday, May 24, 2013 must be read

Cristiano Ronaldo's hat trick qualified Portugal for the 2014 World Cup finals

Prince Philip of England is preparing for an expedition

Japan began to hold hearings on business tax, and the former vice president of the bank requested to gradually increase the tax rate

Three explosions killed six soldiers and one civilian.

An Italian pilgrim was killed in a bus accident.

A new strong earthquake struck the shattered Park area.

Syrian opposition proposes a truce in Homs for Ramadan

Attacks in Somalia have killed at least 20 people.

The attackers at Simon's shopping center spent four months planning in Nairobi

U. UN Security Council Calls for a Humanitarian Ceasefire in Gaza

Honshu, Japan, earthquake with magnitude of 6.3: CENC

China equities closed higher on Tuesday

In the Iraqi capital, a car bomb killed 58 people.

Protesters in Ukraine returned to the streets for anti-government rallies.

The explosion of freight trains in Canada caused 3 deaths, showing an upward trend

Nigel Farak Calls on the Government to Allow Syrian Refugees to Enter Britain

Peres, Israel, calls for the resumption of peace talks

On Tuesday, the yuan rose to 61184 against the US dollar.

Radio: Israel prepares to increase the release of Palestinian prisoners

Moursi's supporters rejected the plan.

Egyptian court sentenced 10 Brotherhood supporters to death - Source

Obama condemns the killing of three Israeli teenagers

A man tried to behead a soldier in the streets of London.

Ukrainian protesters rebuild roadblocks

When Mel Smith died at the age of 60, the British mourned for the most popular comedy.

New York: 3 dead, 63 injured

China equities closed higher on Tuesday

Indian Ink: Today's picture: July 2

Muslims in Asia celebrate Eid al Fitr because 14 people died in Afghanistan

Russian Coal Mine Seeks a New Way out in China

Ukrainian pro Russian protesters demand greater autonomy

Iraqi troops are fighting to retake Tikrit

Iran condemns Israel's air strikes against Syria

Israel Agrees to Extend the Gaza Ceasefire for Four Hours

Five people died in a fire at a bus stop in South Korea.

Four civilians and three NATO soldiers died in Afghanistan

Demonstrators gathered in the streets to restart the revolution.

Tokyo shares fell 0.24% at the opening

l Australia sends the applicant back Sri Lanka's maritime asylum

The victims of the explosion in Sankir are unforgettable.

Two explosions in Nigeria killed 118 people.

Cory Montes, the star of the Glee, was found dead in a hotel room in Canada.

The death toll in Yolanda increased to 3621.

Tokyo equities closed 0.13%

Iran Announces Preparation for a New Round of Nuclear Talks

Conflict between Trkiye's police and protesters continues

Please contact HSE if you refuse the medical card

The world's largest building opened in western China

Israel was slightly injured by stones in the West Bank.

Protests in Egypt resulted in 49 deaths.

Syrian opposition agreed to start historic peace talks

Query of poverty statistics on modi development proposal

Pro Russian rebels will vote in Ukraine

Georgians Vote for a New President

Officials confirmed that respiratory diseases were found in the United States.

EU Declares Hizbullah Military Faction as a Terrorist Organization

Germany welcomes Iran's nuclear agreement

Reported by Wall Street Journal on June 25, 2013

Gunmen killed nine foreigners in Pakistan.

Two Indian businessmen detained in China were repatriated.

California Governor Announces Emergency Drought

Israeli officials: peace talks with Palestinians take months

17: 02 23 Killed in Iraqi car bomb attack

Recently, the Mumbai building collapsed, killing two people and trapping more.

Air strikes in northern Syria have killed dozens of people.

Chinese tourists kidnapped from Malaysia

United Nations inspectors commended Syria for its progress on the chemical weapons issue

The two were arrested after protesting against Nigel Farrak.

The gunmen killed 15 Libyan soldiers.

The picture shows the completion of rib coordination operation

Iran's nuclear negotiations entered the third day

Protesters gathered in Brazil despite concessions.

Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd Calls for General Election on September 7

Iran's nuclear talks are expected to resume this week

Tensions in Bangkok on the eve of Thailand's election

China will protect the interests of foreign companies

D. C. Cannabis refining vote

The ship sank in Australia, killing many people.

Kim Jong il salutes the execution of a powerful uncle

Margaret Thatcher died of a stroke.

Chinese President Arrives in Netherlands for State Visit and Nuclear Summit

Israel's new sanctions against the Palestinian peace talks

British photographer Sky News was killed in Egypt

Stocks rose in early trading

The FBI audio expert testified at Zimmerman's trial.

Iran's nuclear talks will be extended until November

The suspect in the Boston bombings is on trial.

Buildings collapsed in India, killing 42 people.

Obama announces the establishment of two manufacturing centers

Five people accused of terrorism

President Obama announces plans to withdraw troops from Afghanistan by 2016

The United States and NATO doubt whether Russia will withdraw from the Ukrainian border

Fuji Malaysia Law School Update time: 11:30 a.m

Search ended.

Citation in news

Philip came out 11 days later.

Bone fragments "may be King Alfred"

Israel Releases the Second Batch of Palestinian Prisoners

Two paratroopers were killed by parachute jumping.

The jet pack Iron Man worries Hawaii.

Israel Releases Palestinian Prisoners

France said it would not shirk its responsibilities in Syria.

Surveillance cameras identified the suspect in the Boston bombing, but he was not arrested.

China's anger at North Korea trumps its fear of the United States

RMB rose to a new high against the US dollar

A man detained after the Belfast shooting

Police prevent presidential elections in Maldives

Indian army killed three militants in Indian controlled Kashmir

A car bomb in northwestern Syria killed 20 people.

Iran Exchanges Oil with Its Eastern Neighbouring Countries

Trkiye's President Calls for Calm Down

North Korea tests 30 missiles at sea

A man was killed in a fire at the Kodonigo home.

The Doha gas explosion killed 12 people and injured dozens.

Ukraine presidential election polling station opened

Indian Ink: Today's picture: April 21

Two French journalists were killed in Mali

9 tourists were killed by Pakistani gunmen

Israel and Hamas will abide by the Gaza ceasefire

More violent attacks on China's troubled Xinjiang

Parents clashed with police after 120 people were killed in a fire in China.

Iran rejects chlorine bomb claim

The wife of the Indian minister "died unnaturally" after rumors of extramarital affairs.

Three people were killed and one injured in the shooting at the South Carolina Beach Motel

The funeral of the Boston bombing suspect seems to be legal.

Five people died in landslides on highways in southern China

South African President: Mandela is getting better

World news update, what you need to know

Syrian Civil War

Abdullah expanded his lead in Afghanistan's presidential election

Imran accused his competitor of murdering his colleague.

Bangladesh pays tribute to factory victims

The man who set himself on fire in the National Mall died.

Japan Defends Dolphin Hunting after Criticism from the United States

12 people died in the bombing of a shopping center in Nigeria

4460 typhoon victims in the Philippines: United Nations

Police fired tear gas at protesters in Venezuela.

A wave of attacks has killed at least 95 people in Iraq.

China's Top Political Adviser Meets with Greek Prime Minister

Palestinian diplomats injured in the Prague bombing

Ukrainian leaders promised to negotiate on the crisis

Seven people were killed in an attack in Iraq.

US Military Presence in East Asia

The United States believes that the Syrian government has used chemical weapons

The world powers and Iran will resume expert nuclear negotiations on December 30

The Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood refused to yield

In Canada, at least six people died when buses and trains collided.

Chinese President Meets with Greek Prime Minister and Calls for Strengthening Partnership

AstraZeneca spent $4.1 billion to buy Bristol Myers Spray from diabetes Alliance

Arrest of Italian fugitives in the Dominican Republic

India and the United States will meet on China next week.

Israel's ground attack on Gaza

Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert sentenced to six years in prison for corruption

Mr. Brahimi apologized to Syria for its lack of progress in achieving peace

Egyptian protesters issued an ultimatum to Morsi's resignation

Five things about Sochi Olympic Games

China's stock market fell on Wednesday

As tensions escalated, the United States postponed missile tests

A fire in Beijing killed 10 people.

China India ink border agreement; 8 Other agreements

Venezuela expels three US diplomats

Heavy fog hit cities in northern China and flights were cancelled.

Russia claims to have thwarted possible terrorist acts

Three Chinese tourists killed in Pakistan

The 7th World Cup will be held in Kenya

10 foreign tourists were killed by militants in northern Pakistan

The Austrians found 56 stolen skulls in their museum.

Egypt Attacks Sinai Armed Forces

The record heat wave in the southwest is fatal.

Detroit is eligible for bankruptcy protection: American judge

Doris Lessing, winner of the British Nobel Prize in Literature, died.

The Israeli government approves new settlements before negotiations

Pakistani Taliban leader killed in US drone attack

Putin signs the Crimean Additional Treaty

FAA continues to ban US flights to Tel Aviv

China's envoy rebuts Vietnam and the Philippines' accusations against the South China Sea

Four others were arrested for Australia's largest group of illegal tobacco importers.

Obama will fill the board seat of the Federal Reserve, and Fischer will be the second.

Iranian President Condemns the Use of Chemical Weapons in Syria

Marginalized society

The United Nations invites Iran to participate in the Syrian Peace Conference

The number of deaths in Italian bus accidents increased

The football referee was killed by a player.

Merkel won the German election by a landslide.

While the arrests continued, Israel detained 37 Palestinians.

Rebels killed 21 civilians in Syrian Alawite villages

The world provides emergency assistance to the affected Philippines

Palestinian hunger strike, Israel agreed

Assad said Syria will abide by the UN resolutions on weapons

The President of the Republic of Korea apologizes for the ferry's reply

Iran Worries about Rising Food Prices

Obama decided to support Syria at the last moment.

The driver put the baby in the stroller and walked away.

Spanish princess testifies in a historic fraud investigation

The Senate confirmed Obama's appointment as a key appeal court judge

U. The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights exerts pressure on Egypt to detain Morsi

The Senate confirmed Janet Yellen as Chairman of the Federal Reserve

Syrian rebels are fighting in the north

Mayawati demands the President to rule Kashmir

The President of Uganda Signed the Anti gay Bill

Protests in Thailand have been exacerbated by stones and tear gas.

The suspects in Boston were buried in Virginia.

Six people died in the explosion of a restaurant in the Philippines

Chinese military newspapers denounce the prism plan of the United States

Silvio Berlusconi was expelled from the Italian Parliament

A car explosion in Bahrain killed two people.

Russia warned that it would respond if Ukraine's interests were attacked

The retrial of Hosni Mubarak was postponed to June 8

Egyptian protesters ignored cabinet threats to stop sitting in

The couple held their first scientific wedding in Britain.

The Emir of Qatar granted power to his son

The typhoon killed 7000 people in the Philippines.

Egypt prepares "Angry Friday" after the Holocaust

The Red Sox defeated the Tigers 5-2 at the World Championships

China Landing "Yuliu" Robot Lunar Rover

The Ukrainian parliament deposes the president

Venezuelan parliamentarians bicker over election tension

North Korea has warned foreigners in South Korea that it will recommend evacuating

South Korean shipwreck captain arrested

The driver washed the car and jumped into the river.

More than 100000 people died in Syria

Communists ambushed Philippine police, killing seven people.

Prosecutors say Morsi was tried in Egypt for prison break and murder

Iran's nuclear negotiations entered the third day

Thai Army Declares Martial Law

A woman died in a roller coaster in Texas.

Nobel laureate Doris Lessing has died at the age of 94.

The typhoon hit the central Philippines, killing more than 100 people.

Chennai's first postal savings bank opened

Israel agreed to a 12 hour ceasefire

Sumatra earthquake with magnitude 6.2

A British stuntman was killed in a wing accident.

What prompted India to vote? Fierce holiday debate in Jaipur

White Diamond Breaks Hong Kong Auction Record

Chinese satellites found large objects in the search area

Hamas urges Hezbollah to withdraw from Syria

U. Agreement between the United States and Russia on Syrian Chemical Weapons

The court told PSNI that he had failed to pass RAF officers.

After retail profit, share price fell slightly

A police car crashed into a Scottish bar.

The United Nations calls for a ceasefire in Gaza, and the United States increases pressure on Israel

The Australian Prime Minister said the signal of "very confident" came from the black box

Mandela "made progress".

Philip Becomes King of Belgium

Indian Anti Corruption Party in New Delhi

Spain has approved a new law restricting abortion

Obama ordered an investigation into the gas attack in Syria

Shooting at the residence of the German ambassador to Athens

Release of opposition leader Timoshenko imprisoned in Ukraine

Oklahoma investigated the wrong execution

Napolitano elected the second president of Italy

The United Nations court found six Bosnian Croats guilty of atrocities

A Saudi with a frying pan was arrested at Detroit Airport.

North Korea says it will try American citizens

Thailand's protests escalated into violence

Emergency after 95 deaths in Egypt

The rally called for "justice for Tel Avin"

UN warns of the plight of women and children in Syrian families

Hagel and Dempsey face Congress on defense budget

Sony sells PCs and layoffs

A man killed four people in California, and police shot him dead.

North Korea expels elderly Americans

Researchers urged caution about the findings of the missing Malaysian airliner.

The whole family remember Mandela because the memorial ceremony at the stadium has been arranged

The President of Ukraine said that an agreement was reached in crisis negotiations

Obama plans to take limited military action in Syria

The Syrian regime says the Syrian Prime Minister escaped the assassination trial

Jordan elected Saudi member of the United Nations Security Council

At least 18 people were killed in an explosion at a mosque in Iraq.

Before the G8, the police surrounded the protesters in Belfast.

George Zimmerman was acquitted of the murder of Trevor Martin

10 people were rescued at Waterford on the Dublin coast

Mandela was hospitalized on the third day

A man was killed in clashes at the offices of the Muslim Brotherhood in Cairo

Saudi women protest against the ban on driving

The Russian Parliament authorizes Putin to use force in Ukraine

Nelson Mandela Hospital issued an "incorrect" report

Global stock markets rose on hopes that the Federal Reserve will maintain its stimulus policy

There is no winner in the sanctions war

The World Cup ends in the new stadium

Tatanano and other Indian small cars failed in crash tests

Greece has reached an agreement with the Troika, which is expected to complete the rescue in a few days

Murray is 77 years old and he is waiting for England to win.

A Malaysia Airlines plane crashed at the border between Ukraine and Russia - live report

The United States will determine the extent to which Syria uses chemical weapons

Pakistan's Secret War

Russian Putin Claims Right to Invade Ukraine

Senior officials of the Communist Party of China meet with the Special Envoy of the Supreme Leader of the DPRK

Although the protests in the park have ended, the riots in Trkiye continue

Pope calls for action to address climate change in the draft encyclical

Singapore equities fell 0.28% on Thursday

Who is John Gihad?

Headlines of Iran's major newspapers on October 4

Mr. Holder, the Attorney General of the United States, resigned.

The United States and the European Union extend sanctions against Russia

2:30 p.m. GMT

How did the Dow Jones Industrial Average perform on Wednesday?

The authorities promised that the pilgrimage would continue despite the collapse of the crane.

House Republicans Elect Paul Ryan as President

Asian Headlines at 4pm GMT

Singapore equities rose 0.83% on Wednesday

China government bond futures rose on Tuesday

Mr. Holder, the Attorney General of the United States, resigned.

Headlines of Iran's major newspapers on September 27

China is highly alert to Typhoon Karmaj

Saudi led air strikes hit the Yemeni capital

Mali Chases the Killer of Jihad Nightclub

Nepal M7.3 earthquake

Tokyo Stock Market Gains, US Stock Market Gains

Iran's parliament supports the nuclear agreement

Hawaii is preparing for the first hurricane in 22 years

At least 26 people were killed in the bombing in Iraq.

Sierra Leone under blockade Ebola virus

Tokyo stock market is booming in the United States

A car accident in southwestern China killed four people and injured many others.

More than 3400 Mediterranean migrants were rescued at sea

Lewis Hamilton wins the Russian championship

The United Nations Security Council heard the final statement of the Special Envoy of Yemen...

The Israeli army arrested 21 Palestinians overnight and clashed with local residents.

A traffic accident in East China resulted in 4 deaths and 3 injuries

Live market broadcast: waiting for Chinese data

Clashes between Palestinian and Israeli police in Al Aqsa, Jerusalem

24 people were killed in Nigeria by suspected suicide bombers in Boko Haram

The end of the Hong Kong protests?

Russian warplanes attack Syrian territory

CCTV was attacked by gunmen in Tunisian Museum

On site blog: Ukraine crisis

Nigeria votes in the tense presidential election

Prince William wore a samurai uniform during his tour in Japan

Vice President of Micronesia Visits China

The Islamic State released a video of beheading American hostages

Iran Terminates Cooperation Agreement with Pakistan

Adolescent Ebola negative

Texas Chases Syrian Refugees

New US sanctions against foreign cyber attackers

Five people were killed in Israeli air strikes on Gaza.

Fatal explosion in coal mine in eastern Ukraine

The uncertainty of Greece's rescue plan brings pressure to the global market

Rooney helped United beat Everton 3-0 in the Premier League.

Jewish leaders killed in Jerusalem

As the fight against the Islamic State becomes more and more fierce, the behind the scenes actions become more and more intense

Egypt: Peace International Calls for the Release of the Journalist Jazela Global Voice Arrested in Berlin

Occupied Palestinian Territory: Israeli troops continue to bleed for Palestine

Libya: The United Nations ordered to investigate human rights violations in Libya  Global Voices

Taiwan Coast Guard Launches New Ships as Tensions in the South China Sea Escalate

Burundi police fired tear gas at demonstrators.

The earthquake in Nepal killed more than 7000 people.

Ashia's parents are coming to the extradition hearing

Nigeria recognizes that the response to these cases has been slow. Ebola virus

Thousands of people crossed the Austro Hungarian border

For Klanchal, it is too late to save QPR from Stokes in Moscow

Oskar Pistorius was sentenced to five years in prison

Pro Palestinian activists demonstrating at United Nations headquarters the United Nations

Benzema could be charged with sexual assault.

A mysterious Russian plane crash killed 224 people.

The government will meet FTII students

Li Na Announces Retirement

Gunners opened fire but failed to enter the Champions League

Iranian President Welcomes Nuclear Agreement

Boko Haram Disturbs Nigeria's Election

South Korea expresses regret over North Korea's refusal to hold talks

The search for the crash site was cancelled.

Obama Doubts China's Turnbull Port Agreement

The US $1 million generously provided by China has received extensive returns in Malaysia.

Hizbullah's goal is to gather al Qaeda on the Syrian border

Seven newly reported cases of mosr in south korea

Obama calls on the international front to oppose

The U.S. military says it launched air strikes on Syria and eastern Iraq.

Who abandoned three Boeing planes at the airport?

North Korea will try American citizens

Protests decreased and Hong Kong officials resumed their work.

Ebola, UK: Staff of the British National Health System "panicked" after suspected Ebola case

British leaders expressed support for air strikes against Syria

South Korea Agrees to Meet with South Korea

Iran, an important partner of Russia: Novak

Taiwan President Charter Airplane to Visit Lee Myung bak

Before Kerry's visit, two Palestinians were killed in the attack on Israel.

Thomas Cook is accused of pushing costs to customers

Photo of Narendra Modi in Chennai Flood

The Secretary General of the United Nations welcomes the holding of peaceful presidential elections in Guinea

The execution in Pakistan aroused the anger of the international community

Two Australians were killed when a bus crashed into a river in Kenya.

France Closes Mosques, Arrests People Repressed After Attacks

A Russian plane crashed in Egypt.

Strong winds when snowstorms hit Britain

Dozens of Egyptian hostages were taken hostage by Libyan terrorists in retaliation for air strikes.

The President Visits Bahrain

China and India are committed to strengthening bilateral relations

Putin spokesman: The doping charge seems to be groundless