The plane is taking off.

A man plays the flute.

A man sprinkles cheese on an undercooked pizza.

Two people play chess.

The person sitting plays the cello.

Two people are fighting.

A skater.

The man plays the guitar.

A woman sings on an acoustic guitar.

A man threw the cat onto the ceiling.

The man hit his opponent with a stick.

A woman holds a baby kangaroo.

A man plays the bamboo flute.

Someone is folding a piece of paper.

A panda dog is running on the road.

A dog tried to eat bacon on its back.

Polar bears glide on the snow.

A woman is swimming.

The cat is caressing the baby.

A man riding a horse.

A man poured the wine into the pan.

A girl plays the guitar.

A panda slipped down the slide.

Women eat meat.

A woman was peeling potatoes.

A boy fell off his bike.

A woman plays the flute.

A rabbit ran in front of the eagle.

A woman was roasting pork chops.

The running girl is flying a kite.

A man was riding a mechanical ox.

One person plays the guitar.

A woman was dancing and singing in the rain.

A man is cutting onions.

A man poured oil into the stove.

The lion plays with two people.

Dog skateboard.

A man is carving a statue.

A man is cutting onions.

A woman was peeling shrimps.

A woman was cooking fish.

A woman plays the guitar.

The baby is playing with a doll.

Someone is cutting meat.

A man is cutting onions.

A woman plays the violin.

One person plays the guitar.

A man is cutting carrots.

A boy is playing the guitar.

One person plays the guitar.

A boy is playing the guitar.

A boy is playing with the keyboard.

One person plays the electric guitar.

The dog licked the baby.

A man is cutting onions.

A man is playing a drum.

A woman is cutting red pepper.

A man is playing a drum.

A woman rode a horse.

A man is eating bananas.

A man is playing two keyboards.

A man cut down a tree with an axe.

A little boy is playing with a toy phone.

A man riding a horse.

A man riding a horse.

The squirrel is circling.

A kiss between a man and a woman.

A man walked into a car in the garage.

A man is talking.

One person plays the guitar.

A man cuts mushrooms with a knife.

The tiger is walking.

A man was peeling onions.

A man plays the trumpet.

Women peel apples.

Pandas eat bamboo.

A man was peeling eggplant.

The monkey pushed the other monkey.

The squirrel is circling.

One man tied his shoelaces.

A boy is playing the piano.

Dogs eat watermelons.

A woman cut orchids with a knife.

A man peeled a potato.

One person plays the guitar.

A man is cutting onions.

A woman was swimming underwater.

A man and a woman are eating.

A dog is chasing the ball.

Men play basketball.

A motorcyclist.

A man sings and plays the guitar.

This man is on the phone.

A man is exercising.

A man is talking.

Two berries are dancing.

A girl rode a horse.

Monkeys ride bicycles.

A woman was peeling potatoes.

A man is cutting potatoes.

Someone is playing the guitar.

A woman was cutting ginger.

A man is cutting a cardboard.

A man plays the flute.

The man plays the violin.

Women make bread for meat.

A man is playing the keyboard and piano.

The lady cut an onion.

A woman cooked noodles in water.

Lionel Ritchie danced on the ceiling.

A man is playing the piano.

A woman plays the flute.

A boy is looking at the calendar.

A woman is cutting onions.

One person plays the guitar.

Women sew on machines.

Cartoon chefs make pancakes.

A car is driving on the road.

Someone is on the phone.

A man riding a horse.

I eat alone.

A man plays the flute.

A man is playing the piano.

We dance by ourselves.

The monkey swayed among the trees.

People get off at the railway station.

The dog jumps on the trampoline.

A man plays the trumpet.

A man sings and plays the guitar.

A woman is cutting tomatoes.

A man is climbing on the rope.

A man climbed onto the wall.

A man and a woman were driving an open-air car on the road.

A naked man sat in a chair.

Two women struggled on the floor.

The dog is playing tennis.

Kangaroos eat.

One person plays the guitar.

A man cut the carpet with a knife.

A man rides a motorcycle.

Someone is cutting tomatoes.

A man is talking.

The dog is licking the child.

A man is cutting tomatoes.

A man is cutting potatoes.

The woman is chopping garlic.

The squirrel is circling.

A boy is crossing the bridge.

Sitting alone in the room, playing the guitar.

A man plays the flute.

A woman was beating eggs in a bowl.

A man is fishing.

The men put their suitcases in the trunk of their cars.

The man poured oil on the sliced tomatoes.

A man is cutting bread.

Play the piano alone.

A man and a woman were walking hand in hand in the woods.

A woman holds a baby kangaroo.

The fish are swimming.

Two women are making things in the blender.

Surfers.

A man stabbed the target.

One person plays the guitar.

A man was buttering bread.

A woman cooked noodles in water.

A group of people are dancing.

A man plays the flute.

A woman was stirring meat.

A woman is cutting onions.

A woman was riding a donkey.

The doctor pushed the patient onto the stretcher.

The woman plays the flute.

Two pandas sleep together.

The baby is laughing.

A boy is playing the piano.

A woman was cutting chilies.

The man is dancing.

The two cats are fighting.

A person who writes with a pencil.

A man is running on the road.

A woman was wiping dough.

The lady added sugar to the meat.

The woman poured water on the fish.

A little boy is playing the guitar.

Cheetahs are running in the fields.

A man is eating a slice of pizza.

A monkey got on the bus.

A man and a woman ride bicycles.

A man was cleaning the glass door.

A young man sang while playing the guitar.

A girl uses sign language.

A woman combs her hair.

An old man got into a red car.

A big green ball on a potato.

The cat is playing the piano.

The dog is swimming in the swimming pool.

The man cut potatoes with a machine.

A woman is cutting tofu.

A herd of reindeer crossed the road.

A man riding a horse.

Someone is playing the piano.

Someone is riding a horse.

Someone is sewing something.

The chicken pecked the mouse to death.

A woman picked up a kangaroo.

The cat is playing with the camera.

Two people are playing the guitar.

A man was buttering a slice of garlic bread.

A man ran on the rope.

A woman was cutting a lemon.

One person plays the guitar.

A man is cutting potatoes.

A woman is chopping octopus.

The dog ran in the water.

Eat bread alone.

One person plays the guitar.

The fox eats the plate.

A boy is playing the piano.

Someone is playing with the keyboard.

A man is spitting.

Someone is peeling potatoes.

A woman is cutting meat.

A man plays the acoustic guitar.

A woman was riding an elephant.

A woman was wiping dough.

A lady put the rope on the shelf.

A car is driving on the road.

Simon lies down.

A man was draining the spaghetti.

Women exercise.

A woman is cutting meat.

One person plays the guitar.

A man is cleaning the house.

A man jumped onto the short wall.

Runners compete.

A man is shaking a bowl.

A woman rode a horse.

A woman is cutting cucumbers.

A woman is taking a bath.

A man is cutting potatoes.

A man melts butter in a pan.

The children are dancing.

A man is playing the piano.

A man was interrogated.

Drive alone.

A car backed away from the blocked lane.

The man spilled cheese on the pizza.

A boy is playing the piano.

One person plays the guitar.

A man is playing with the keyboard.

A motorcyclist.

A band played on the stage.

A large crowd got off the train.

Women make bread for meat.

A dog is walking in the swimming pool.

A man was buttering bread.

A woman is cutting vegetables.

Teenage girls are dancing for the camera.

A lion is walking on the fence.

A man is cutting potatoes.

The horse is running.

Dancing alone in the rain.

A woman is washing the refrigerator.

A man walked on a tight rope.

A woman chopped down a Jarapino.

A dog is swimming behind a tennis ball.

A child ran around the fishing rod.

Alone on the road.

A man is speaking on the platform.

A man riding a horse.

The man is cutting cheese.

Someone fired.

A woman cut meat with a knife.

A woman fed her baby a bottle.

A woman is cutting potatoes.

A man riding a white horse.

A man riding a horse.

Someone fired.

A man was swinging on the rope.

One person carries another.

A man is showing a little monkey.

A man is folding paper.

A man with a skunk.

Drive alone.

The man was holding a lemur.

Zebras are socializing.

A woman is cutting tofu.

Three people play the guitar and sing together.

The elephant watered himself.

The dog is on the counter.

A man made a hole in a piece of wood.

The woman is chopping garlic.

Badger digs.

A man plays the flute.

The baby is laughing.

The helicopter landed.

A woman is cutting meat.

One person plays the guitar.

A woman was riding an elephant.

The dog has grown back.

A woman broke a piece of garlic into cloves.

A dog is walking by the swimming pool.

A woman stirred cream in a cup with a spoon.

A man is painting.

A woman poured the dough into a bowl.

One person uses a laptop.

A woman rides a water motorcycle.

Two men upset the tractor's tire in the race.

A man riding a mechanical ox

Women use sewing machines.

The baby crawled on the floor.

A man is playing the piano.

Women feed men.

A monkey is teasing a dog in the zoo.

A dog is lying on the ground.

One person plays the guitar.

The man put the seasoning in the water in the bowl.

The bound man put his things in the water.

The woman cut the onion in half.

A woman holds a kangaroo.

The dog opened a can of food.

A man caught a fish.

A man is breaking the cement.

A man is cutting leaves.

A child was trapped in the dog house.

The man fell into the swimming pool.

A woman is swimming.

A woman is dancing.

A South African Airlines plane is flying in the blue sky.

The bear and the wolf fight.

The woman relaxes in the tube.

A man kisses a woman on the stage.

A woman is watching TV.

A woman is cutting potatoes.

One person plays the guitar.

A woman was peeling garlic.

A woman is cutting vegetables.

A man is cutting cucumbers.

Babies play with dogs and balls.

Four people are floating on the raft.

A man is cutting potatoes.

A rocket exploded.

The dog was catching flies on the carpet in front.

A woman is cutting chicken.

A man is cutting tomatoes.

A boy poured something from a kettle.

A woman was riding an elephant.

One person plays the guitar.

A dog is walking by the swimming pool.

A man cuts butter in a mixing bowl.

I eat alone.

A man fell off a horse.

A man hit a wheel on his motorcycle.

A man is making steak.

Two people are playing table tennis.

A man is playing football.

A man cut the carrot in half.

A man is blowing a flashlight.

A man is cutting a box.

A man is singing on the sidewalk.

A woman was dancing in the street.

A woman is chopping octopus.

A woman was chopping pork.

A baby is playing the guitar.

The woman patted her fingers on the table.

The lion is walking.

A man is making a waterfall.

A man poured water on the pilot's head.

Men shake hands with women.

A woman was watching by the lake.

The strong wind hit the trees.

A woman was frying shrimp.

The woman plays the violin.

A woman plays the violin.

A man is cutting onions.

A woman is dancing.

A woman was walking her dog in the street.

Some people sing.

The cat licked a plate of milk.

A woman drew a eye shadow.

Two people are fighting with martial arts.

An officer was talking to the recruits.

A man put food in a box.

The man uses a stenographer.

Women make noodles.

A sitting woman sang and played the guitar.

Some men play football.

A man is climbing on the rope.

A person is taking pictures.

A man puts vegetables into a pot.

Some scientists.

The man plays the guitar.

A woman put rice in a pan.

Many penguins are heading for the sea.

Someone is holding bread.

A boy is playing the guitar.

A man emptied a plastic container.

A man led the reins of a horse.

A piece of paper has been cut off.

The lady peeled the shrimp.

A man wanted to read a newspaper.

A man holds an animal.

The monkey pulled the dog's tail.

Mix the ingredients in a bowl.

A woman is cutting cucumbers.

A hamster is singing.

The man in the hat is singing.

Football players score.

The woman poured the ingredients into the stove.

A woman splashed in the waves.

One man watered the other with a pipe.

A woman took something sticky out of the bowl.

A man showed a T-shirt.

The man poured oil on the tomato slices.

The man is playing the guitar with a friend.

Someone poured olive oil into a bowl of tomato horn.

The cat licked a vial.

A young man was talking to a leaf.

The woman poured the ingredients into a bowl.

A cat was crawling under the furniture on its back.

A woman was dancing on the stage.

A man is washing dishes.

A nuclear weapon exploded in the desert.

A man speaks in the microphone.

A young man was dancing.

The woman cracked eggs in a bowl.

A woman was dancing in the rain.

The girls dance.

A turtle is fishing.

The girl drew her eyelids with eyeliner.

A dog on a cyclist's shoulder.

A man is spreading dough.

A girl is hitting her nails.

A man shows his dog in front of the camera.

A man walks with a dog.

A man is cleaning a record.

Different teams play football on the same field.

An animal is walking on the ground.

A man put a water toy into the water.

A man spread butter on the tortilla.

One man and one woman ran hand in hand.

A man cuts a boiled egg into pieces.

A male and female robot kisses.

The cat caressed the dog's head.

Rhinoceros are grazing in the fields.

The dog ran in the water on the beach.

A man is playing football.

A cat is playing with a boy.

The dog is playing with the floor cleaner.

Slow dance.

A man poured chopped vegetables into a pan and put them on the stove.

A racehorse.

A little girl is singing on the stage.

A man poured the cleaner into the sink.

A person cuts a big green pepper in half.

A lady seasoned seafood.

The cat is playing on the floor.

A girl lost her kite.

A woman is frying meat.

A monkey walks through the swamp.

The panda is eating.

The man is writing a letter.

A boy was screaming.

A boy is doing push ups.

Someone is cutting tomatoes.

The onions were chopped up.

A woman was roasting a pineapple.

A truck is going down the hill.

A young man was sitting at the piano.

The little girl wore her hair in a ponytail.

A woman cut tofu into small pieces.

One baby sneezes, scaring the other.

A man is cutting vegetables.

A woman is swimming in the water.

A man plays an acoustic guitar and sings with a microphone.

A man is cooking.

Women ride horses.

A boy was sitting in his room, playing the piano against a lamp.

This man is exercising.

A man plays the flute.

A man holds a lazy monkey.

One rabbit kisses the other.

The hedgehog bit the blanket.

A man cut onions with a mandolin cutter.

Guinea pigs eat carrots.

The four young men did not move, and a car exploded behind them.

The man is smoking in a suit.

A man is cutting leaves.

The deer jumped over the fence.

The baby is sleeping.

One person plays the guitar.

A cat is defecating in the toilet.

A man moves a big stone.

The dog wagged its mouth.

A man rides a bicycle.

A man and a woman are talking.

A woman is cutting onions.

The baby is playing with the dog.

A man is painting.

A woman is cutting tomatoes.

A child is playing the guitar.

A woman is cutting onions.

The toy train ran into the toy car.

A man plays the flute.

A cat opened the drawer and climbed in.

The woman is frying food.

A woman is cutting onions.

One person plays the guitar.

Sing alone on the stage.

A woman was riding a donkey.

One person plays the guitar.

A woman brushes shrimp.

A man was dancing on the ceiling of the room.

A woman cut onions with a big knife.

A man is playing with the keyboard.

One person plays the guitar.

A woman was peeling potatoes.

A man is holding a frog.

One person plays the guitar.

A man plays the flute.

One person plays the guitar.

A man is playing the piano.

One person plays the guitar.

One person plays the guitar.

Two women are kissing on the sofa.

A man is cutting cucumbers.

The cat is playing with a toy.

The dog barked on the toy.

A man is folding a tortilla.

Kittens drink milk.

Drive alone.

The tortoise walks.

Cattle eat hay.

A woman was chopping garlic.

A man was screaming.

One person plays the guitar.

A man was cutting grass before a car.

A woman was peeling potatoes.

A woman was hitting his finger.

Someone cooked a okra in a pan.

A man is walking.

A man is playing a drum.

A man jumped into the swimming pool.

A woman is cutting leeks.

A boy is playing the guitar.

The man is dancing.

Men talk.

A woman put gel on her hair.

One person plays the guitar.

There was a group of people dancing at the concert.

The man is shooting.

A man is playing the piano.

Someone is cutting onions.

A man is cutting cucumbers.

A woman is eating cupcakes.

A man is cutting onions.

A baby is playing the guitar.

A man is playing a drum.

Two girls are on the phone.

A man cut the trunk of a tree with an axe.

A man cut garlic into pieces.

Women and dogs walk together.

A man is talking.

Someone poured milk into the blender.

The cat is playing with a ball.

A woman plays the flute.

A girl plays the flute.

The cat is playing the piano.

A girl is exercising.

A man is chopping octopus.

A man and a woman riding a motorcycle.

The two men were fighting in the barn.

A man poured oil into the pan.

A little girl is making her bed.

The cat is playing with watermelon.

A girl jumped on the bus.

A short man.

The cat is playing.

We dance by ourselves.

We dance by ourselves.

A man on his shoulder.

A woman is cutting tomatoes.

A woman is cutting potatoes.

Someone is cutting tomatoes.

A woman is cutting tomatoes.

Two robots kiss.

Two boys are playing a video game.

A woman was squeezing lemon juice.

A man is cutting tomatoes.

A man is cutting tomatoes.

A girl dropped her nails.

A man came down the stairs.

Two people ride bicycles.

A woman plays the electric guitar.

One person plays the guitar.

A man and a woman are walking in the cathedral.

Eat kangaroos.

A man is exercising.

A man is singing.

Animals eat.

A man and a woman were dancing in the rain.

Drive alone.

Women grind onions.

Two people are fighting.

Drive alone.

Drive alone.

A man is cutting bread.

A woman is cutting meat.

The man is cutting bread.

A man is playing the piano.

Elephants eat saplings.

A woman is beating eggs.

A boy is playing with the keyboard.

A boy hit a man with a plastic sword.

One man cut the onion into small pieces.

A man cut a row of water bottles with a knife.

People written on paper.

Women cut chilli.

Eat alone.

One person plays the guitar.

Play the piano alone.

This man walks.

The man rubbed the picture off.

A man rode a motorcycle through a city.

A man rides a motorcycle.

A woman is cutting onions.

A woman is cutting orchids.

A woman was peeling potatoes.

Someone is cutting fruit.

A woman is dancing.

A man is spitting.

A man muttered.

The man plays the guitar.

A cat speaks to the camera.

A baby was lying on the ground with a smile.

A woman shot with a rifle.

A woman was dancing at the station.

Women exercise.

A little boy was playing the organ.

A man broke the bottle with his sword.

A woman is cutting potatoes.

A man is peeling an apple.

This man is playing with a skeleton.

A Solo Norden walked on the floor.

A little girl is playing the piano.

A group of men are dancing.

A woman plays the guitar.

A cat spins with a ceiling fan.

A girl plays the flute.

A woman is cutting onions.

The monkey is brushing the dog's teeth.

A woman is cutting potatoes.

A woman plays the guitar.

A woman was combing her hair.

A woman is shooting.

This man eats porridge.

A woman is taking a bath.

A man ran into a motorcycle.

A man fed a snake with a mouse.

A man and a woman walked through the jungle.

The lady poured the rice cake into the bowl.

A man looked out of the window.

A woman was cutting a lemon.

Someone is peeling a banana.

The comedian performed on the stage.

A cartoon girl is standing on the springboard.

A woman threw her child into the trash can.

Someone is playing Peno.

A man cuts mushrooms with a knife.

A woman was beating three eggs in a bowl.

One person slides onto the half pipe.

A man is speaking on the platform.

The man in the hat plays the piano.

One person plays the guitar.

A man is cutting onions.

A man was dancing backwards on the ceiling.

Two women are shopping.

Someone put two raw eggs in a bowl to taste.

The gibbon was swinging up and down the tree.

A woman is cutting orchids.

A woman combs her hair.

A man is cutting potatoes.

We dance by ourselves.

A deer jumped over the revolving fence.

A woman was dancing in the rain.

A woman sat at the table.

The monkey is playing the drum.

A woman is picking tomatoes.

A boy cut grass with scissors.

A man is talking in the library.

A woman is cutting orchids.

A man was walking on the sidewalk.

The man plays the piano with his nose.

The cat is playing.

The animals are jumping.

A man is roasting.

A man was running in the truck.

Sitting alone on the rock.

The cat licked its paws.

A woman was filling plates.

Runners run on the track.

A woman is cutting potatoes.

A woman was wearing eyeliner.

A woman was cutting carrots.

The cock pecked the mouse to death.

The woman is cutting tomatoes.

A man is cutting bread.

A woman is cutting chilli.

A woman rode a horse.

A woman drawing pork chops.

A woman is cleaning shrimp.

A man is talking.

A woman is cooking.

A man lying on the ground shot and killed a rifle.

A man poured spaghetti into a plate.

A man sings in the microphone.

A man shot with a rifle.

A man plays the flute.

One person plays the guitar.

A person walks into the arena.

The plane landed on the runway.

A woman was lying on a raft.

A man is walking.

Women beat men.

A man was lying on the floor.

A woman came in.

A woman is rowing a boat.

Someone put rice in the pot.

A man put some meat in a plastic bag.

A boy plays the trumpet.

A man rides a motorcycle.

A woman was cutting carrots.

A woman is cutting potatoes.

A woman plays the flute.

A man is riding a bike in the parking lot.

A band performs and sings on the stage.

The woman is upstairs.

A man plays the flute.

A woman is dancing.

A woman was cutting ginger.

A man threw a cat into the air and grabbed the ceiling.

The tortoise walks.

Someone fired.

The woman is singing.

A man was filling up the car.

Dogs eat watermelons.

One person put the document on the plate.

A couple who are walking are kissing.

The man threaded his sword through a thick rope.

One person plays the guitar.

A man is tearing paper.

A little mouse.

A woman is on the phone.

Women peel tubers.

A woman who cuts lemons.

A man ran on the rope.

A person paints a figure.

A man plays the flute.

A man broke an egg.

A woman is cutting meat.

A man is knocking on a pottery pot.

A man and a woman are dancing in the rain.

A man with a huge sunflower.

The bomb exploded in the desert.

The American flag is flying in the wind.

The lion is walking.

A man is showing a loaf of bread.

A woman is cutting tuna.

The dog barked at the electronic toy duck.

The woman stirred the eggs in a bowl.

A woman was seasoning a piece of meat.

A cat sat on the table and looked out of the window.

A man is exercising.

A man is peeling bananas.

A man is playing the keyboard and piano.

Women draw men's faces.

A woman put chopped eggplant in a pan.

A man is playing a musical instrument.

A woman was peeling lemons in the kitchen.

A lion tried to climb up a wall.

A man tied the rope.

A woman is dancing.

The girl is watering the plants.

A man is peeling potatoes.

A woman was chopping garlic.

A woman is cutting onions.

We dance by ourselves.

A woman is looking after her hair.

The football player kicked the ball into the goal.

A little girl is playing the grand piano on the stage.

A person draws on the number board.

The monkey swayed among the branches.

Two boys are playing on the trampoline.

The woman who cuts green pepper.

A man put antifreeze in his car.

A man is climbing a rope.

A man is playing the piano keyboard.

A boy was playing in the mud.

A man is cutting melons.

Some people threw a model off a cliff.

The potatoes are peeled.

A woman was playing the guitar in the street.

A woman cut a pineapple into pieces.

A woman added ingredients to the beef.

The cook poured the oil into the pan.

Season the dough in a pan.

Two boys are playing on the beach.

The monkey scratched its belly.

A woman rode a horse.

A man is squeezing water.

Someone is playing the guitar.

A man was mowing the lawn.

A man hitchhiked on the road.

Cowboys are crawling in the desert.

A magic man riding a motorcycle.

A big cat opened a plastic drawer with its claws and jumped in.

One person plays the guitar.

A woman is cutting red pepper.

A woman is crawling.

The dog swayed from side to side.

A child is playing the guitar.

The man balanced himself on the wire.

Someone is playing with toads.

A dog is looking at the counter in the shop.

The picture shows a man cutting carrots with a knife.

A man drilled a hole in the wood.

Someone poured tomato sauce into the meat pot.

A man stroked a tied dog.

Drive alone.

A man plays the trumpet.

A live rabbit is playing with a stuffed rabbit.

A woman riding a horse.

A woman was covered in green mucus.

Someone has picked the pepper seeds.

The man took out an Italian sausage pizza from the box.

A man put the cut vegetables in a bowl filled with water.

A man jumped off the wall.

The man put the seasoning in the water in the bowl.

The clown sings.

A woman was chopping garlic.

A man was washing a big steak.

A BMX bike climbed up the fence.

A magic man.

The female models are on the runway.

A woman was practicing with a Barbie doll.

Walking alone.

A bird took a plastic cup filled with liquid from its mouth and put it in the bowl.

A car is driving on the road.

A man holds a lazy monkey.

One person lifts weights.

A woman is exercising her abdominal muscles.

A woman riding a seal.

A woman is cutting sesame leaves.

The cat ate some food.

A woman cut the meat into pieces.

A man opened the jar and poured the contents into the bowl.

Birds eat in bowls.

Video of Rihanna leaving the taxi.

A man was loading a rifle.

One person plays the guitar.

A man is on the phone.

A woman carries a kangaroo on her back.

A man is walking on the rope.

The woman stroked the baby's leg.

Simon lies down.

A man broke the jar.

A woman dipped shrimp in the dough.

The dog was playing with insects on the carpet.

The jet is flying.

A man riding a horse.

A man eats his food.

A man is playing cards.

One woman gave the volleyball to another woman.

A man was baking corn cakes in a pan.

A band plays instruments.

The child smiled. He was crawling.

A man cut off his boots with a sword.

A man peels the fish.

A boy is talking to another man.

The little girl is riding a horse.

Someone put the ingredients into the pot.

A man cut down a plastic container with a sword.

One man pushed the other into the sea.

Someone is playing a game.

Someone is on the phone.

The panda gnawed at the stick.

Women are making up.

Self lifting.

Women feed animals.

The ferret fell off the shelf.

A woman is cleaning the top of the refrigerator.

That woman is shooting.

The man is seasoning the beans.

A woman is shooting.

A Solo Norden walked on the floor.

The dog closed the refrigerator door.

A woman abused her children.

The girl made a man's face.

A man poured a plate of chopped cheese into a jar of sauce.

A man made a speech during the celebration of the cricket match.

A cat rolled under the sofa.

A woman cut a fish.

Masked people sing.

The clown sings.

A boy ran in front of a fish hanging from a fishing rod.

The man is seasoning the vegetables.

A man is taking pictures of ants.

The woman put the meat in the pan.

A woman ran into a sand castle.

A woman is cutting onions.

A girl rides a bike.

The sun rises behind the trees.

Drive alone.

A woman is beating eggs.

We dance by ourselves.

A boy is playing the violin on the stage.

One person plays the guitar.

A woman was peeling potatoes.

The man drew on white paper.

The cat is caressing the baby.

The cook is peeling potatoes.

A small animal was gnawing at his finger.

A man was peeling onions.

A man sings while playing the guitar.

Two boys are skating.

The cook poured the oil into the pan.

A pig shakes a lion.

Ferrets play with kittens.

A man plays the trumpet.

A group of people are singing.

A man speaks in the microphone.

A man in a suit was singing in front of the microphone.

A car is backing up.

A man emptied a plastic container.

A woman cut carrots with a knife.

A man was riding a motorcycle on the road.

The man plays the guitar.

A man is fishing.

The two women sat down to chat.

A man took the food out of the bag.

A man with a lasso.

The man rode a horse.

A man was loading a rifle.

The girls are walking on the stage.

A man opened a package with a helmet.

A man plays football between his feet.

Women are making up.

The woman stroked the lemur.

Kangaroo licks a woman's hand.

A boy is playing a portable game.

A man rides a motorcycle.

A man came out of the swamp.

A man loves a dog.

The man cleaned the empty living room.

Both men and women dance slowly.

A man poured cooking oil into the pot.

A man is taking a picture of the lake.

Someone washed a large steak in the kitchen sink.

The cat wiped its face with its paws.

The man tasted the food.

A woman is cutting eggplant.

A man broke an egg.

A man was riding a mechanical ox.

A black dog is running in the garden of a house.

A woman was walking on the road, and a man riding a motorcycle stopped beside her.

The dog is catching fish in the river.

A woman stood by the fire, dancing to the music.

A woman is cutting shrimp.

A dog led a child down the hill.

The person in the helmet takes off his glasses when talking.

The boys danced in front of people.

A woman is making her bed.

A man waved a double knot.

A man smashed a concrete slab lying on a man with a hammer.

A woman put a tin of noodles in a pan.

A girl is making up.

BABY PANDA relaxes on marbles.

Two children were pushing an inflatable crocodile in the swimming pool.

Two women are dancing.

A man is peeling potatoes.

The doctors are trying to revive a man.

A man mashed potatoes in a bowl.

A boy wanted to talk about a fire engine.

A woman put two eggs in a pot of water.

A man is pouring gasoline.

A man put cheese on a tortilla.

A woman is cutting tofu.

A man cuts the meat into pieces.

A woman rode a horse.

A boy was playing the keyboard between people.

The girls sat on the crochet sofa.

Monkeys practice martial arts.

Cats eat watermelons.

A man and a coach boxed.

A little boy vacuumed the floor.

A woman cuts meat.

A man rides a motorcycle.

A dog is swimming in the swimming pool.

A man plays bagpipes.

One person plays the guitar.

Two green and white trains are on the track.

A white cat is standing on the floor.

A large ship at sea.

There is a red double decker bus along the street.

A passenger train stopped at the station.

The woman sitting at the table is busy doing something.

Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.

Side view of horse head.

A group of old people sat around the table.

A jockey on horseback.

A man was riding a red motorcycle on the road.

A little girl on a brown horse.

The black and white cat was playing with a blanket.

A black dog is standing in the field.

A close-up view of a bottle of water.

Close up of ostrich face.

Sheep grazing in the fields.

Close up of the cat with its eyes closed.

A woman with a surprised expression on her face was holding a smiling woman behind her.

A white car stopped at the gas station.

A man sat on the seat of a motorcycle and suddenly a wheel popped out.

A black and white photograph of a cow in the cowshed.

A brown horse was standing on the dense green land.

A black and white lamb.

A group of people sat around the table, carrying food and beer.

A brown horse is on the ground.

A black and white cow forms a circle of hay.

The old lady was standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.

Maintain racing horses on muddy roads.

Stealth aircraft on green grass.

Two Indian girls and two Indian girls are at the water's edge.

Double decker buses for passengers.

The thin cow stood on the grass.

A herd of horses grazing in the fields.

Close up of a desk with computers and documents.

A crowded computer desk with two monitors.

A man was lying on a bed in a messy room.

The brown horse is in the pasture.

Cattle roamed under the trees in the pasture.

Four people sat at a table.

Two women sat outside laughing.

A colorful bird is hanging on the barbed wire.

The white duck is on the floor.

A man and two women sat on the blue sofa smiling at the camera.

A young woman in a black coat and necklace.

The brown horse stood in the middle of the grass.

A cruise ship is moored on the shore.

The black and white cat with yellow eyes was lying in the mud.

A black and white cow was standing on the grass with several trees behind.

A man and a woman stood in the kitchen smiling at the camera.

In the foreground is a man with glasses and two plastic bottles.

A black and white photograph of a cow under a tree.

A large green boat floating on the water. it's me

Rear view of the red Chevrolet concept car.

A man in a bicycle helmet rode his bicycle through the path of the woods.

A black-and-white photograph of a motorcycle lying on the ground.

A black and white cat, sleeping on a brown tarp.

A smiling woman holds the child.

A herd of horses grazing in the fields.

Three people sat at the table, carrying beer and food.

A man was standing under a bridge near the expressway.

A man is watching TV under his bed.

Two vultures perched on the branches.

A house cat is lying behind the sand of the cat.

A man and a woman posed for the camera.

There are several computer monitors in the room.

Several cardinals were standing in the snow.

A black car was parked in the mud in the countryside.

A passenger train waiting at the station.

A black bird sat on the ground.

A black and white dog looked at the camera.

A young blonde in a ponytail sat on a grey horse.

A black and white calf with a label on its ear.

A boy was in a wheelchair on a board with the beach in the background.

The dining room is equipped with a wooden table and game partners.

The red motorcycle is parked on the street in front of the building.

A bird floating in the water.

An Asian girl sat next to a flowerpot on a marble pillar.

A woman was standing in front of a building in the snow.

Some sheep are grazing in the field.

There are two animals eating grass and a piece of water near the mountain.

Two black and white cows stood behind a metal door, facing a blue and cloudy sky.

A passenger train waiting at a railway station.

A white dog is running in the snow covered woods.

The train ran along the tracks in the snow.

The flat screen TV is on the floor.

There is a bike in the restaurant.

A train on a railway.

A train on a railway.

A man with a bib was sitting on a green sofa.

Two vultures perched on the branches.

A young couple sat on the sofa.

A little boy in a red and blue jacket was feeding the sheep.

Two cats looked out of the window.

Red double decker bus, on the hood.

Close up of a woman in black boots sitting next to a blue motorcycle.

An orange and white puppy, wearing a necklace and bell, was lying on the flower pillow.

A group of people sat around a table full of food.

Two sheep stood staring at the camera, facing in opposite directions.

A black and white picture of a cat lying down.

A dark brown horse stood in the field.

An Apple computer sits on the floor.

The dog sleeping under the table.

A sailboat sailing on water.

A fast red sports car on the track.

The dog sat on the white wall.

A white sightseeing bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.

Red double decker buses on city streets.

In the background is a young girl wearing a bicycle helmet.

A large cruise ship floating on the water.

A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.

A cat looked out of the window.

A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in the field.

Only a few potted plants germinate.

Four people on the boat in the green water.

A brown and white dog was lying on the bed with a yellow quilt.

A room with brown walls, washing machines and dryers.

A passenger train waiting at the station.

An airliner is flying in the air.

A girl on a brown horse was wearing a red coat.

Someone is on the sofa.

A herd of horses grazing in the fields.

Two trains run on the tracks.

A group of people sat around the table on the porch.

The sheep standing next to the children.

A person who jumps in the air on a motorcycle.

Many sheep are standing on a green mountain.

A sailboat floating on blue water.

A smiling woman was wearing a Viking hat.

A red and white double decker bus stopped there.

A black faced sheep.

Two birds perch on metal poles.

Wooden closets in the kitchen.

A woman in a bikini and jeans.

The brown horse stood in the middle of the grass.

In the middle of the red tablecloth was a pot of food.

A blue bird is standing on the grass.

White planes fly in the blue sky.

A train that stops on the tracks of a railway station.

A girl sitting in a chair.

The train runs on the track.

Two children sitting in chairs dressed in clothes.

Four people sat at a table.

A woman on a white horse.

A group of cattle in the field have yellow labels on their ears.

A living room with a large sofa and dining table.

A cat with orange spots is sleeping on the sofa.

A big bird is flying in the sky.

Two people were sitting in a yellow canoe, along a river, with trees at the bottom.

The black train turns on the track.

A white jeep was parked in the street.

Two people spoke in front of the plane.

A child was sitting in a big black chair.

People are standing outside the bookstore.

A plane that flies near sunset.

This red bus is parked next to a white tall building, next to which is a formal garden.

A yellow and orange bird grabbed one side of the cage.

Two men were sailing in a small boat.

A motorcycle parked next to a car.

Red double decker bus.

Two policemen were standing behind a truck, behind which was a bus.

The white dog lay on the wooden floor under the table.

The man standing in front of the silver train.

Close up of sheep tongue.

A black and white cow stood on the ground.

A man riding a white horse.

A train running along the tracks.

A kitten lay on a wooden beam and looked at the camera.

A bird stands on a wooden fence post.

The train is arriving at the station.

Five cows are grazing in the snow.

A woman on a brown horse.

A man in a blue shirt and brown trousers stood in front of a statue on the sidewalk.

A girl in a red shirt was riding a brown horse.

Transparent plastic chair in front of the shelf.

A dog in a pet jacket.

A big sheep is standing on the mountain.

A black and white cow stood on the ground.

A woman in a black hat was standing next to the subway.

The jockey wore purple clothes and rode a brown horse.

A man sitting next to a yellow sports car.

The man stood on the sidewalk in front of the horse.

The man in blue shirt stood in front of the fountain.

A sheep is standing in the forest.

There is a flat screen TV on the floor.

Two men were sailing in a small boat.

Two rams are standing on the snow.

A row of rooms with four computer screens.

The yellow motorcycle is parked in the street.

A large passenger plane flying near the ground.

Three men in suits sat at a table.

Two horses are in a circle.

The white plane is flying in the sky.

A black and white cow stood in the field.

A black-and-white photograph of a cat lying on a carpet.

A man and a woman posed for the camera.

A red cat is sitting on the office chair.

A beautiful white striped cat with its head on the table.

A man was lying on the grass on his bicycle.

The white bus stopped on the grass in front of the building.

A woman in jeans, a deep bikini top and a bracelet.

A school bus is driving on a green road.

Sitting alone on the bed beside the small TV.

Close up of blue car headlights.

A passenger train stopped at the station.

A lonely cow sat in the cold yard.

A man on a brown and white horse.

A jockey on horseback.

Two dogs and many stuffed animals sat on the sofa.

A train is running on a country track.

A man stood on the mountain watching the plane.

A big black bird is sitting in the water.

A cruise ship is moored on the coast.

A white bus on the public street, partly in the snow.

A woman likes dogs in a garden with a door.

A black and white cat walked into a basket of wires.

He is a man who rides a mountain bike through the rocks on a sunny day.

A red cat is sitting on the office chair.

A brown horse was grazing in the green grass.

A row of locomotives on the field siding.

Two women pose in the dining room with their children.

Three sheep are in the middle of the gravel road.

Nine red and white planes were flying in formation in the smoke.

The blue train is at the station.

A baby is sitting on the grass.

A red double decker bus carries more passengers in a city.

Two women were riding bicycles in the street to see when they could cross the street.

Two women are in the kitchen, and one is taking pictures.

Horse number four galloped past.

A bird of prey flew to the camera.

This is a black and white picture of a Coca Cola bottle.

A yellow bird perched on the branch.

A boy is looking at the computer screen.

The tires of the red truck skidded and smoke came out of the back.

The living room is equipped with blue sofa, camp bed, wooden stool and dressing table.

A woman sitting on a sofa with a baby in her arms.

Two policemen were standing behind a truck, behind which was a bus.

Four blue and yellow planes are flying.

A group of riverside barges surrounded by trees.

An old green bottle is sitting on the table.

The train is at the station.

A train at a railway station.

A bird sat on a log in the lake.

Two birds are flying near the bird eaters.

A horse standing in the field.

There is a flock of sheep on the mountain.

A man stood in front of a tall statue.

Two smiling young women raised their thumbs.

A woman sitting on a sofa with a baby in her arms.

The red double decker bus runs along the road.

Two women are standing in front of the bus.

A gray, black and white cat was looking at the camera.

The sheep are standing under the tree.

Two people are sitting at the table in the dining room.

Two black and white cows stood behind a metal door, facing a blue and cloudy sky.

A person riding a white horse in the arena.

Two cows are drinking in the pond.

There are three rams in the paddock.

A black dog is lying on the grass.

Two people sat face to face on the table, one pointing at the other.

A man with a beard and hair and a boy walked along the coast.

A cat is looking at the camera.

A black and white goat stood in the fence and looked at the camera.

A woman with children.

There is a red double decker bus along the street.

A sailboat sailing on overcast days.

A bird perched on a gloved hand.

A girl on a brown horse.

A car parked in front of the tracks.

A young blonde in a ponytail sat on a grey horse.

A group of four people walked past a huge mushroom.

A child in a pink dress sat on the table.

Better than a horse in the field in front of a fence.

A black dog is looking at a sheep.

A woman with a white horse.

A train on a railway.

A black dog is looking at a brown sheep.

There are three computer screens and other devices on the home desk.

A black and white dog looked at the camera.

A silver Mexican plane is on the runway.

A cyclist jumped into the sky behind him.

A couple was sailing in a small boat.

A blue motorcycle was parked on the sidewalk.

Some sheep are grazing in the field.

A man sat on a crowded table, looking at his laptop.

A wooden table with candles, wine and purple plastic bowls.

Two people are sitting on a red canoe on the clear lake.

A woman in rags stood beside a red car.

Red double decker bus, on the hood.

A fisherman in a boat by the lake.

Two elderly women and a man sat at the table.

A black train on the tracks.

The red bus is in the street.

In World War II, a fighter with its landing gear down.

A boat sailing in a river.

A group of people sat at a table in an Italian restaurant.

A big ship with a white boat.

The black and white scene in a fully equipped room can overlook the forest.

Close up of a blue reined horse.

Birds swim in the water.

A Siamese cat was lying on the white sofa.

Outdoor cyclists.

A yellow school bus is parked in the field.

A bulldog was sitting on a yellow chair, next to a big trash can.

The ram stands on the green hill.

Wool from the auction house.

Close up of the black headed ram.

An orange and white cat was lying on a blanket on a black leather chair.

The train runs along the track between two rows of trees.

A black and white cow stood in the field.

A double decker bus is driving on the city street.

There is a TV and a laptop in the hotel room.

A man rides a bicycle.

A man in a helmet was sitting on a bicycle on a sunny day.

A train running along the tracks.

Close up of a desk with computers and documents.

A woman on a brown horse.

Three men in suits sat at a table.

The woman held the child and posed.

Four people are sitting in the living room. Snack.

A blue moped was parked on the sidewalk.

There is a red double decker bus along the street.

The train stopped at the station.

A woman on a white horse.

A man and a woman stood in the kitchen smiling at the camera.

A cruise ship is moored on the coast.

Two cows cross a paved street.

Five cows are grazing on the grass between the two roads.

A black cow and a brown cow stood in front of the woods in the field.

Double decker buses on city streets.

A person who raises sheep on the grass.

A close-up of a red sports car in the background.

Two women are in a clothing store.

A large crowd was sitting at the table in the dining room.

Close up of the yellow school bus.

A brown horse stood on the grass and bushes.

This is a close-up of a young horse walking beside a big horse.

A woman with glasses was standing next to a cow.

A dog was looking behind the van.

A woman in a blue skirt is cutting a cake.

A gray, black and white cat was looking at the camera.

A couple rode a red and yellow motorcycle.

The gray and white cat sat in the bathroom sink.

A man was riding a bicycle for two.

A computer running on the desktop.

A child sat on a concrete wall beside a white flower.

A duck that floats in the water.

A white bus with water and barges in the background.

The blue train on the mountain.

A yellow boat on the shore.

A small kitchen and a table full of blue tablecloths.

The train is at the railway station.

The cat stood on the windowsill looking at the camera.

Red and white buses run on the road.

Double decker buses on city streets.

Three cows are grazing in the field.

The white train stopped on the tracks.

A black and white photograph of a cat sitting on a sofa.

A young blonde with a helmet was sitting on a red bicycle.

A group of people sat around the table on the porch.

A black and white cat was lying on the ground.

The front and left side of the red double decker bus.

Side view of horse head.

A wooden yacht on the sea.

A big sheep is standing on the mountain.

There is a white plane on the runway.

A brown puppy was caressed in her arms.

Elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.

Two men in shorts sat on the sofa.

Two people on earth bikes climbed the mound.

A black and white dog looked at the camera.

A grey cat with green eyes is looking at the camera.

Two people on earth bikes climbed the mound.

A man and a woman were posing on the ground with a bottle of wine.

A black and white cow stood on the ground.

There is a red double decker bus along the street.

A little white cat sat in the sink.

A boy who feeds sheep and hay.

A girl in black shorts and boots stood next to a blue motorcycle.

Close up of a woman holding a white puppy.

A sheep is standing on the mountain.

A bus has a big wheel backstage.

A group of old people sat around the table.

This black and white photo was taken on an old wooden fence near a dirty street.

A brown horse is standing on the prairie.

Two people are standing outside the shop by bike.

A person who plays in a shop.

A group of people sat around a table full of food.

A woman was holding a puppy with a belt and a chair.

The back of the stop sign is decorated with stickers.

A green bike parked in front of the bookstore.

A double decker bus in front of a big wheel.

A black sheep and other sheep were standing on the grass, covered with thick white wool.

A man wearing a tuxedo and riding a white horse.

There are two women in the living room and a black dog in front of the camera.

Two people are sitting in a red canoe with trees in the background.

Close up of blue car headlights.

Drive with a beautiful baby.

A red and blue plane lowered its landing gear to take off.

A black and white cat was sleeping on a purple blanket.

Rear image of the taillight.

A group of people sat around the table on the porch.

A woman sitting on a sofa with a baby in her arms.

A black and white cat was lying on a purple blanket.

Black and white photos of bicycles.

View of the living room in the dining room background.

A red and grey train went through the tunnel between the trees.

An old red London double decker bus with the hood raised.

A woman with a white horse.

A living room with a large sofa and dining table.

A young couple sat on a black sofa.

Helmeted people ride bicycles near white buildings.

The white train enters the station.

A green bike parked in front of the bookstore.

Two women are standing in front of the sightseeing bus.

A blue bird is standing on the grass.

A room with brown walls, washing machines and dryers.

There is a red double decker bus along the street.

A black swan flapped its wings on the water.

The boy and a dog are lying on the sofa.

A black-and-white photograph of a cat lying on a carpet.

A large plane parked at the airport at night.

Two men were fishing in the swamp.

Eight bottles of harp beer were placed on the wooden floor.

A cat is looking at the camera.

A brown horseman in blue.

The wall mounted flat screen TV is showing movies.

Birds perch on flower pots on plaster walls.

The gray and white cat sat in the bathroom sink.

A little girl in horseback.

Two women on a sailboat.

A bird perched on a cold branch.

Two eagles sat on a long branch.

In a sea view photo, two cats sit behind the sofa and look out of the window.

Two women are shearing wool.

A young rider on a brown horse.

A group of people sat at the table.

A white lamb with its nose against the wooden box.

A little girl was riding a grey horse.

A black dog was standing in the room being built.

A black swan flapped its wings on the water.

A black and white cat was lying on the cat's bed.

The woman was riding a brown horse.

A small turboprop aircraft was loaded on the apron.

A television that plays a program.

Kitchen with wooden tables and cabinets.

The gray and white cat sat in the bathroom sink.

A couple with a newborn baby.

A bird eaten in a bird feeder.

Close up of the black sheep.

A little boy and a dog are lying on the sofa.

A red and gray bird perched on the tree.

The yellow motorcycle is parked in the alley.

A gray, black and white cat was looking at the camera.

A train on a railway.

Close up of the red striped silver train engine.

A woman in sari was sitting at the wine table.

Black steam trains on the tracks.

A red sports car on a white semi truck.

A man was standing on the platform in front of the silver train.

A black and white cyclist walked past the audience.

A small kitchen with shelves and counters stacked with items.

A room with a TV, stereo and bookshelf.

A black and white cat was lying on the ground in the sun.

A woman riding a mountain bike on a big concrete floor.

Cattle are grazing in the field.

A bald man with a beard stroked the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.

A man was standing next to a yellow frigate.

Black and white photos of sheep near the sink.

A brown double deck sightseeing bus, on the street, with a big wheel behind it.

A flock of birds flying over the water.

A man was standing on the platform in front of the silver train.

A small white plane stopped at the airport in cloudy weather.

The boat is in the water and the small plane is on the dock.

A pet is standing in the fence.

There is a computer on the floor.

A dog sat on the yellow chair next to the green trash can.

A big dog is standing beside a sheep in the field.

A group of old people posed around the table.

In the crowded room, three women in Indian clothes smiled.

A black and white photograph of a cat sitting on a sofa.

Two girls and a man are posing in the bow of the boat.

A black and white cat was lying on the ground in the sun.

People ride bicycles in the city.

Close up of a lamb on the grass.

A brown cat, wearing a black tarpaulin.

Two green birds are flying on the telephone line.

In an empty parking lot, a man stood next to a man on a motorcycle wearing a helmet.

Two cows are grazing in the field.

A bird perched on a gloved hand.

The baby sitting on the high chair has a packet of tomato sauce.

Close up of brown horse head.

The train is at the station.

A horse standing in the field.

The dog was wearing a sweater and looking at the camera.

The bird sat on the branch.

A red and gray bird perched on the tree.

Two dogs are playing purple football.

A boat floats in the water.

Three children stood by the fence.

A black dog came out of the water with a white bullet in its mouth.

A young girl in a hat and blue jeans was shaking.

A group of people walking along the tracks.

A brown and white dog is swimming in the pool behind.

A colorful red necked dog squatted on the grass.

A dog walking through the woods.

Two dogs are playing on the grass.

A little girl was holding a post in the street of the town.

A man was sitting on the dock with a bottle of water.

The squatting man has a big camera.

A man riding a bicycle on the cobblestone road

A man and a woman in old clothes were sitting at the table outside.

A black dog jumped into the air to catch a toy.

A man jumped into the clear blue water.

Both men wore scarves on their heads.

Three dogs are running in the snow.

A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.

A boy is playing tricks on the skateboard.

Three dogs are playing in the water.

A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet rode a scooter.

A young girl was swinging on a tire

A person in a tricycle.

A group of participants

A brown dog in a superman shirt was lying on a blue blanket.

A black and white dog walked across the grass.

A dog sat on a notebook with his paws.

A girl with glasses looked at two American flags near the woods.

A brown and white dog jumped on a red and yellow pole.

Two dogs are running on the grass.

A man in warm clothes was swinging on the monkey's balcony at night.

Two Asians and a woman relax in a massage chair.

A little girl was playing in a colorful hole.

A woman in green is skating outside.

A gentleman smiled, revealing his reflective sunglasses.

There are five people on the sidewalk.

A polar bear walks on the snow and casts shadows on the snow.

Two dogs are playing in the snow.

A woman who picks up a big stone.

A black and white dog is running on the grass.

A woman is riding a blue bike in the park.

A man wearing a shirt stood at the front desk, his back facing the camera.

A white dog on the beach had a stick in his mouth.

Two striped dogs are running on the grass.

A dog running with a stick.

A woman was playing with a brown dog.

A dog was running in the stream with a stick.

A man waded in the water and watched the water fall.

A red dog jumped up with a tennis ball in its mouth.

The man is in the air.

A woman in black was standing in front of a pickup truck.

A dog that jumps into a swimming pool.

A little boy jumped from one chair to another at home

A man riding a dirt bike.

Two dogs are playing in the snow.

A man jumped by the river on his bicycle.

A girl was sitting on a bench with an inflatable tiger in her hand. Next to her was another girl with bright colors.

Three dogs, one white and two brown, ran together on the grass.

A dog swimming in water with a stick.

A black poodle is playing in the snow.

Two girls with bags are standing in the field.

Two boys and a young man were running on the beach with water behind them.

A group of girls stood in jeans and superman shirts.

A boy in a blue life jacket grabbed the side of a green boat.

A black brown dog jumped onto a red ball.

The white dog runs in the sea.

A woman in a black apron stood in front of the mirror.

A dog has a stick in its black and white paw.

A deer jumping over a fence.

A little girl swimming in the swimming pool.

The dog is walking in the snow.

A group of people stood around a red fire engine.

The little boy is jumping into the swimming pool on his stomach.

A little blonde girl was sitting on the green chair.

Three children are playing on the floor.

A man was sitting on a rock with a folding deck chair and a fishing rod beside him.

A man stood in the rain with a sign in his hand.

A man in a blue hat and shirt rode a white horse.

A black dog is running in the water.

A man is skiing on the orange slide.

A brown dog is running in the field.

The dog ran in the snow.

A brown dog ran in the snow with a Frisbee.

Two people are playing golf on the golf course.

A dog playing in the waves.

The children are ready to wear red equipment.

Two dogs are playing on the grass.

A little boy in a blue shirt is chasing the ball.

Baseball player

A man is surfing on the water.

A boy is running on the green grass.

A boy and a girl approached.

Two people are on the dock.

There are two dogs in the stream.

A man followed his black and white dog along the path of the obstacle.

The St. Bernard ran in the snow.

A woman in warm men's clothing posed for a photo.

A girl is playing on the swing.

A boy was playing with noodles by the swimming pool.

A brown dog is running on the grass.

A dog jumped into the swimming pool in the garden.

A child with a yellow balloon.

Two teams of skiers flew across the snow.

A black and white dog ran with its mouth open.

A child is running on the grass.

Two blondes sitting next to the statue

A girl in an orange shirt lit a candle.

In mid winter, a red necked dog ran in the forest.

A boy who looked ill was touched by a child on his face.

A dog that shakes water.

A black dog is running on the beach.

A little boy in jeans slipped down the orange slide.

The black and white dog in the living room stood on its hind legs.

Three people stood behind the sign prohibiting skiing.

A man in a white suit went out with a newspaper.

A black dog with a blue neck ran in the snow.

A brown and white dog is running on the grass.

The girl is playing on the swing.

Many children play and swim in the water.

A woman with a naked blouse had her face smeared with mud.

A brown dog waited before catching the Frisbee.

A black dog rushed into the shallow water.

Two white dogs run together.

A black dog is running on the ground.

An adult with a backpack looks to the left.

A black man was walking beside a building in a big city.

Two dogs are shaking the water.

A puppy jumping over an obstacle.

A brown dog is running on the grass.

A group of people are waiting to see something.

A dog jumping over a fence.

There are three skaters around the corner.

Two women walk their dogs in the dog salon.

A man with long hair and beard was lying on the grass.

A brown dog is running on the grass.

A child in a yellow shirt stretched out his arms.

A girl in a black coat smiled with a silver truck in the background.

A man is playing basketball.

Two dogs are jumping on the grass.

A woman and three children are playing in the park.

A dog ran towards the camera with a stick.

The boy is playing on the beach.

A furry dog has a black band in its mouth.

One man tied a red armband on another man's arm in the street.

The skiers are going downhill.

A brown dog had a stick in its mouth.

Two hockey players are fighting on the ice.

Two puppies are playing with red chewing toys in the field.

Two dogs are playing in the field.

A man and a woman are standing on the street of the city.

A man in a black leather jacket fell asleep in the public transport.

A dog jumped over the obstacle.

Two dogs struggled in the snow.

A boy was holding a net. There was a snake on the ground.

A grey dog and a brown dog are playing on the grass.

Two black dogs are in the snow.

The black dog jumped off the dock and into the water.

A couple is walking in the street.

Three dogs are playing on the rock bench.

A black and white dog is running on the grass.

A man in a black shirt walked past the city bench.

An old woman climbed a hill in the street.

A puppy jumped onto the yellow beam.

A group of young women in bikinis.

A lady is combing her hair in the living room.

A person dances on a colorful wall.

A wet child shivered with a towel in front of the swimming pool.

The white dog is running on the beach.

Six dogs are walking near the beach.

A man grabbed the handle in the air.

A dark brown dog was walking in the snow.

Three dogs are running on the grass.

A boy in red slipped down the inflatable slide.

Two dogs are standing in a puddle. One of them has only a yellow tennis ball.

Three dogs are running in the snow.

Two children are playing with dogs.

A girl was bending backwards on the beach.

The two dogs are playing together on the grass.

Two surfers are playing tricks in the waves.

At sunset, the two men walked along the coast.

Two dogs are struggling on the grass.

A little girl sitting on Santa's lap

A black and white dog was swimming in blue water.

A boy jumped into the air on the beach.

Five men in tuxedos came down the steps.

A black dog was standing in the waves with a red rubber ball in his hand.

A man and a dog were standing on a rock near the water

Four dogs splashed in the water.

A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep tied to her belt.

A little dog, with big ears, chews sticks.

The girl in the blue shirt is walking through a science center.

Two dogs are playing in the snow.

There are two white dogs and a brown dog chasing the ball.

A pile of bicycles galloped along the track.

A dog with a long stick in its mouth.

A man came out of his tent on the top of the mountain.

A man in a black hat stood in front of a brick wall and a sign.

Singers playing white guitars

A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.

Many people play on the beach.

Close up of flying hummingbirds.

A woman watched a dog jump down the stairs.

A man and a woman are smiling.

The big brown dog is running on the ground.

The dog was dragging a cyclist in the snow.

A man in a gray shirt was sitting in the flowers.

Three children were playing in the haystack, throwing some onto the camera.

The children are running in the snow with a fence in the background.

The black dog with the red collar shook the water.

A dancer dressed in red and white poses for the camera.

The big beige dog is running on the grass.

A dog walks across the grass.

A man walks on a rock surrounded by water.

Skate.

Three dogs are turning on the runway.

An elderly man was standing in front of an old wooden building.

A dog that jumps into a swimming pool.

A dog went through many branches.

The three girls were holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.

A dog running in the street.

A man in a gray shirt climbed up a long stone wall.

A brown dog barked in the snow.

A man in a seat belt and sunglasses jumped into the air, arms and legs extended to one side.

Two dogs went through the bushes.

A dog running in the water.

A pair of men and women were sitting outside, back to back, basking in the sun.

A black man and his dog were on the beach.

A man standing on a rock overlooking the sea.

A woman in a black and blue striped suit was surfing the waves.

A woman led her dog through an obstacle.

A dog is walking on the beach.

A little boy is practicing karate in the gym.

The dog ran with a yellow ball in its mouth.

Two dogs are running on the beach.

A black and white dog ran with something in its mouth.

A pet made an interesting survey of the contents of the gift bag.

A man in a yellow shirt was wearing a mask in the shape of a golden sun.

A young man was skiing on a purple platform.

A little boy raised his hands above his head.

A man in an orange jacket raised his hand to the sky on the beach.

The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking on the square.

A man climbed a steep cliff.

Two girls in baseball caps are eating snacks outside.

A brown and white dog was playing with a chainsaw.

A man is playing baseball.

A sports fan was painting on the grandstand.

A skateboarder who jumps in the street.

A smiling man holds a child in pink and red.

A dog is jumping in the snow.

Red necked dogs bite blue necked dogs' teeth.

Two brown dogs are biting each other on the beach.

A boy was skating on the slope.

A little girl in purple ran in the water.

A boy smashed his skateboard against the concrete wall.

A young woman in a knitted hat stood on the wall of a domino pizza.

A boy in a dress sat on the chair.

A black bulldog runs in the mud.

A group of people in black were dancing on the wooden floor.

A little girl was lying on a blue inflatable toy

A black dog is running on the beach.

Two dogs are drinking in the lake.

A little boy stroked a lying tiger.

A child is running on the beach

A blond child was lying on a branch in the green.

A man in black is on the surfboard.

A man is climbing a mountain.

A white motorcycle is driving on the track.

A black dog was digging a hole in the snow.

A man and a woman are smiling.

A man standing on a mountain watching the sunset.

Two little boys are playing on the playground.

The two dogs bit each other on the grass near the lake.

A woman with a black bag was smoking.

A brown dog is running on the grass.

A woman was standing on the wall near the camera.

The dog is running on the grass.

A man in a blue shirt was angry.

Two young girls in skirts are playing in the garden.

A man in Santa Claus costume climbed up a tall concrete building.

A girl in a red shirt took a photo on her mobile phone.

People sleeping in the street.

Three dogs are swimming in the water.

A white dog is running on the beach.

A child ran in the opposite direction of his play.

A man was riding a dirt bike on the dirt road.

A big black and white dog runs in the sea

A man was lying in the street with his head and shoulders under a parked car.

The man in the red jacket stood in front of the lighthouse.

Three dogs are swimming in the water.

A white haired dog ran with a stick.

A woman with red hair was wearing a black beret with an American flag on it.

A black woman and two black children were sitting in a thatched tent.

A young woman in a pink hoodie was taking a photo.

A man walks his dog in the city.

Two dogs were running in the mud.

The brown and white dogs are playing in the snow.

A smiling young woman was wearing a turquoise shirt and a bandana on an outside table.

The dog is running in the snow.

The racing driver drove in the mud.

A dog in a green sweater and backpack is walking in the snow.

A group of girls on the beach.

Two dogs are running on the grass.

The man with white beard and blue hat was standing at the door of the workshop.

A black dog and a white dog were standing on the snow.

The black and white dog is running on the grass.

Dogs like to play in the water with mountains and sand in the background.

The cyclist jumps very high.

A brown dog was lying in the snow.

Two dogs were running in the mud.

Bicyclists, wheels in the air.

A woman was wearing someone else's skates in the snow.

A girl jumped onto a trampoline.

A man walked by a tree in front of the city skyline.

A boy in a red and blue bathing suit put his head into the swimming pool.

The three children standing by the swimming pool were covered with moss.

While the couple were watching, the boy was jumping into the swimming pool.

A black dog is playing in the snow.

A bird sat on a tree without leaves.

The dog has an orange ball in its mouth.

Three young women jumped into the air to catch the ball.

The boy jumped from one picnic table to another in the park.

There are two dogs in the snow.

There is a path on the beach.

The dog ran in the snow.

A dog walks across the grass.

A man in a red striped football shirt took the lead.

A dog ran one by one by the tree.

A woman was holding a child on a skateboard on the beach.

One black dog bites the other in the living room

A little dog was walking along the calm coast.

A black and white dog is running on the grass.

The boy performed stunts in the air on his bicycle.

The black dog ran on the grass with a toy.

A policeman was standing on the sidewalk of the town.

A black dog and a white dog are playing in the street.

A black and white dog with a stick stuck in the mud.

A boy with a metal spoon on his head.

The man put his shirt beside the elevator.

Men and women kiss.

A brown and white dog is running in the field.

The children are playing in the swimming pool while the adults are watching.

The two dogs are playing together on the bed.

A brown and white dog seemed to walk on the water.

People sleeping in public transport.

A dog ran in a large area of water and splashed it out.

A man was riding his bicycle on the railing beside a tree.

A boy in a blue T-shirt landed on the skateboard at the skating rink.

A girl jumped rope on the sidewalk. There is a parking lot on the left.

A person on a water surfboard.

The brown dog jumped up and asked for a pink frisbee.

The three dogs ran together in the snow.

Two girls jumped on the swing.

A man in a football shirt stood in front of a large crowd.

The topless man caught the football.

A little boy in green shorts stood awkwardly on the brick floor.

A woman in a red jacket is filming a natural landscape.

A man jumps on a snowboard.

A child in orange is surfing in the waves.

Four dogs are playing in the snow.

A child squatted behind the car. There were two pumpkins in the car.

Two orange and white puppies are in the snow.

The black dog is running on the grass.

A black dog was digging a hole in the snow.

A chain jumping dog.

A young woman with a black purse was sitting on a wooden stool.

A black dog and a black and white dog are playing in the field.

The children are playing in the hole.

A black and white dog came out of a yellow and orange tube.

Backstroke player in the swimming pool

A woman was wearing a white scarf, a purple vest and black gloves.

A brown dog is running in the river.

A light brown puppy ran away in front of a big brown dog standing on the grass.

One woman was holding a dog while the other was playing in the yard.

Two black dogs are walking in the snow.

A black dog was swimming with a bullet in its mouth.

A brown dog licked the girl's hand as she lay down.

Two homeless young people were carrying a piece of cardboard.

A dog splashed in the muddy water.

The man in the blue helmet ascended the Polaris.

People standing in front of the audience

A man jumped onto a snowmobile.

Two teenage girls are standing on the beach listening to iPods.

A person who breathes in a swimming cap and glasses.

Two brown dogs are running on the beach.

A black poodle is running in the snow.

A little girl climbed up to the park.

A brown dog was digging a hole in the sand.

A woman in a bathing suit was walking her dog on the beach.

A black and white spotted dog jumped the stream.

Outdoor cyclists

Two dogs are running on the grass.

A black and white dog stretched out a stick in the snow.

A large crowd lined up outside.

A group of children lay on the colored carpet.

A group of young people were skipping on the beach.

A little boy was twirling sparks in the air.

At night, a group of people sat on the floor.

Two dogs are playing on the beach.

One man and two women wear suits.

The boy in the brown hat sat beside the playground equipment and smiled.

Two dogs are playing in the snow.

One woman stood in the shop, her arm outstretched, the other holding a camera.

A fluffy white dog ran in the snow.

A man skates on a metal bar.

There is a group of people playing musical instruments outside.

Two men, one in red and the other in white, are playing basketball.

Skiers fly in the sky.

A wet black dog wearing a red necklace in the river

A little girl in a Paisley skirt is running on the beach.

Three boys are playing football in the field.

A young man jumped from one balcony to another.

One little boy was sitting on the radio, the other was wearing a stupid hat.

The bird spread its wings in flight.

A dog was standing on the beach with a bullet beside it.

A woman was singing in a microphone with a guitarist in the background.

A group of goats on the grass, with a black and white dog in the background.

A man jumped his bike into the air between two rocks.

A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.

A girl in a red skirt was riding a bike in front of the white fence.

Dogs wear trousers when they stand in the woods.

A man went through the blue water in a canoe.

The brown and white dogs ran in the fields.

A little girl with a child on the swing.

Two dogs are playing outside.

Two climbers stood on the top of the mountain and looked around.

Two children are playing in a red flower field.

A young man in a red bathing suit jumped into the water from a big rock.

A black dog is running on the grass.

Two girls in black were sitting in a room, making suggestive gestures to the camera.

A large crowd rode brown and white horses.

The child and his parents are caressing a horse.

The dog is running in the sea.

Cars driving on muddy runways

Two people walked past the wall of a car.

A brown dog squatted on the grass.

A woman in a red shirt was standing on the sidewalk.

Three dogs are running in the field.

Two puppies are playing on the grass

Two children are playing with a black dog in the snow.

A black dog is running in the water.

A woman was walking with a red bag.

The dog swam with a stick in its mouth.

A young woman has no body except paint or mud.

A man climbed the snow mountain, followed by a black dog.

A dog running on the beach

Divers are underwater.

A clown on a bicycle broke the handrail.

Four dogs are playing in the snow.

A man was walking a cow on the road.

The dog bit the mop.

A child turned and smiled at the camera.

A white dog stood by the river, trembling.

Black and brown dogs run in the snow.

A large crowd sat behind the truck.

Skiers on snowy mountains.

A woman who eats big fish in a restaurant.

A child wearing a red and blue float looked at the water.

A skateboarder on a slope.

People climbed up the escalator.

The coach took his dog through the training session with a green hose.

The brown dog is running on the beach.

Three children are playing football on the beach.

A man with a black horse.

The two men sat quietly at the end of the dock.

A hockey player was lying on the ice in front of the goal.

In the snow, a skier stood in front of the camera.

A brown dog ran along the grass separated by ropes.

A man in a black and white shirt jumped on the dog's back.

A woman in a black and white coat and helmet.

The boys and girls ran along the beach.

The man on the bench kissed the woman.

A grey dog jumped up and bit a green belt.

A dark brown dog was running on the grass.

A woman rides a bicycle.

Some children are playing in the field.

A smiling boy was lying on a pile of blue balls.

Surfers crawl on the waves.

The skater slipped on the wall of the skating rink.

Race dogs.

The two children walked along the path through the woods.

Brown and black dogs are running on the grass.

Two dogs are running on the grass.

Two dogs urinated on the red fire hydrant.

A brown dog was splashing in the water with a bullet in his hand.

Two girls walked by a tree in front of the brick house.

A dog splashed in the muddy water.

A large crowd sat behind the truck.

The dog was lying on a bed with blue sheets.

In the game, a man in a football uniform ran with the ball.

A girl stood in the dim light.

The man is playing with a furry dog.

The brown dog had a squeaky green toy in its mouth.

Students watch the classroom for demonstration.

A cyclist walked along a dense path.

A brown dog was running on the beach with a stick.

A medium brown dog in an open white forest.

The black and white dog was swimming with something brown in its mouth.

A little girl is running on the beach.

The basketball player holds the ball.

A man in a brown bathing suit was swinging on a rope near the lake.

A man in a white suit with a newspaper was walking in the street.

And who can say there is no "real" health expert testimony there?

Then the captain came back.

The question is simple.

Pacific requirements.

I continue to ask you a question: "Where is the beef?"?

You want me to prove negative?

I am very satisfied with the medical use!

The price of all the assets you own has fallen.

The war in the Middle East.

Originally released by zaf, i gave up.

Imagine a place with% men and% women.

There is no chance of a fair trial.

Nirvana is not forgetting.

Originally released by zaf, our ideas in britain are different from those of americans.

If you answer "No" but "Yes", then you may be a straight man.

Who can produce only one billion dollars now?

Put it off, huh?

**Smooches ran away Hey, blue eyes, how's London?

But if they don't call him white, it doesn't seem to have much impact.

According to Zimmerman, he did.

My teacher told me it was not good for you.

Originally released by odins eye. Nazi is slang for nswp.

This is why I support the death penalty.

Well, anyway, you are aware of it now.

Think about all the things you can't "eat, wear, live".

Matt Holliday has you all.

People have violated the law.

I think I know some math here.

I have many years of "neener neener" rights!

You should stop using Jews you hate as prefixes or suffixes.

I've asked at least three people if they can.

You don't make sense.

More expensive cars.

Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"

Subjective dvorak strength estimates from tafb and sab are increased to kt.

"Satan does not exist" - OK.

This is what I am curious about.

I compared homophobia with developmental disorders.

If you ask progressives, the numbers will tilt to the left.

I also did not mention restraining orders.

Tiger Eye We are all containers full of many miracles.

Warm. C Compared with the previous year.

God, this program.

Their huge wealth is protected by the government.

Fundamental difference?

How did they get punished?

You claim Zimmerman "followed him and shot him".

God bless me that I am not angry. I am very disappointed.

Where did the money come from first?

If freedom of speech has consequences, it is not free.

My teacher told me it was not good for you.

As for me, I don't know.

This is the implementation of the law.

It depends on how you define "extreme".

Mexico has no claim to California.

I personally read the Bible to understand Christianity.

Ha ha, ha ha, ha ha!

Still refuse to answer my question?

You have to intervene a lot in the free market, not too little.

I think you can sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year?

Why are more words of Jesus omitted from the canon?

You mean, do you believe in Spring Holidays?

We are destined to move.

Israel will not disintegrate as others think.

I think we are containers full of miracles by kissing to rock.

A good friend from Ohio sent this to me.

New research shows that the story of Titanic cannot stand the review of the International Maritime Organization.

Who can make money from Google ads?

Most importantly, the video clip does not show the gas chamber.

Warmer, almost certainly a record.

"Perseverance and stubbornness" became drug therapy.

What is your definition of nature?

It may be a simple mistake.

There is no extortion, no bribery, no money, and only grade e felony is involved.

Neanderthal's revised version "?

Should I wait and see how things are going?

Pacific requirements.

You have no witnesses to the Pentagon missiles.

I can't believe she asked you to ask that helpful party guest for money!

Any woman who wants an abortion can get one.

Yes, growth is legal.

Press one to make a tone.

During this period, what do I think of fireflies?

Chuck, we are all containers full of miracles.

He clearly has supporters.

Therefore, ultimate sovereignty.

No, that's not the answer.

The Nazis lowered the minimum age for buying guns from to.

We can't do it without you. "

No healthy person needs sex.

If it is not a person, is it a wtf?

Do you see Obama calling for cuts, limits and balances?

"The genie does not exist" - OK.

I started last night, Chris.

I must like the report of ek, "Iran is also a signatory of npt and iaea.

"Satan does not exist" - OK.

The best way to turn things around is to take out the money.

I have many years of "neener neener" rights, and they are spoilers.

@Nick Fen, has anyone heard from Dutchy?

Forms of commodity capital value.

Therefore, you are not a Christian.

I repeat: What is the simple fact today?

Morality and honesty have something to do with it.

You are a bad man! "

-Wolf I think such a story is stupid.

No tropical cyclone is expected.

Don't you understand the meaning of the word "leader"?

There is no freedom of expression.

It was originally released by solinvitus.

How long after the graffiti, the children should no longer feel troubled?

Men and women are different, aren't they?

As far as legality is concerned, I can disqualify the jury.

Host: Why is she a stupid child?

Isn't this redundant and repetitive?

What was the "say" originally released by Vienna?

Bobby Helm's bell rock music We are all containers filled with many miracles.

Others have no confidence in the people who run these institutions.

It ends in the form of a novel.

If it is still alive, it will miscarry by itself.

Hi, Ollie: That's great.

Imagine a place with% white people and% black people.

If freedom of speech has consequences, it is not free.

"The goblins don't exist" - OK.

Come on, those are not true.

It's worse than talking about it and doing nothing.

"Opposing the use of nuclear weapons" means "not wanting to use nuclear weapons.".

My niece is half black.

Japan has a population of nearly one million.

We are all containers full of miracles.

I hope everything is fine!

These may be my top priorities. The money I spent on adopting velociraptor.

Gl, terral hi conn: So, do you really believe every word written by terral?

This is not how to sell, gb.

I don't want to be him.

No weapons, of course.

It's interesting to think that this may be true.

Re emphasize personal responsibility.

To be fair, have you noticed those absurd words you said?

Does the census have a top hat?

Where is the slope to the bush?

This is a simple logic. If it is not nonsense, it is not homeopathy.

I never accused him of tampering with baseball.

The rescue scale is larger than the tarpaulin, and this title is misleading.

The police officer told me it's not good for you.

His position is what it is now.

Pacific requirements.

You've never met anyone who supports abortion?

I have many problems with these people, many people are here to say!

No has closed the oil field.

I don't want a president with personality.

I don't have a suggested model.

There were no missile witnesses.

The police officer told me it's not good for you.

I have a pregnancy ticket machine.

Then he is vicious.

Sarg's tin foil hat, what size do you wear?

Or a one year old boy was killed by a marijuana dealer with an automatic weapon.

If your stick hits a person in the face, you will be punished.

All electrical energy eventually comes from the alternator.

How many passengers said they saw icebergs?

Imagine a place with% white people and% black people.

It assumes that the methane growth rate has increased by.%/yr.

Due to the recent decline, the market showed a cooling trend.

The memory of cats is a container full of many miracles.

They do not have sovereignty as they used to.

Disjointed and untrustworthy?

In fact, this is only Dutch.

@Lucig Andre, we're talking about angels and ordinary pins again, right?

When did I do the slanted blog?

How much does abortion cost?

Did the transaction happen?

There are no more sperm cells.

Anyway, welcome back.

I don't know why people make such a fuss when they bet on dollars.

I haven't filed any claim yet.

So when Thatchers called themselves liberals, I was very angry.

The problem is who has no money.

I don't believe there are any icebergs near the Titanic.

The competition day of Oriole Game is frozen for me.

If so, many inventors and writers should take prescription drugs..

Yes, what is his accusation.

Is Ted Bundy a paranoid psychopath?

Those who ignore history are doomed to repeat the same mistakes.

This is not a formal deployment.

The plural of nutrax anecdotes is not data

Not very good. I just went in.

I haven't read a book, but I saw a movie today.

This is the scene of Morlock.

@Edgaret, are Lyndon Johnson and John F. Kennedy compatible?

You need to improve your logical ability.

A man with three children walked home and beat his wife.

I forgot that you are a grouchy bedwetting brat.

Oh, "Einstein didn't go to college."

Income tax, maximum tax rate:%.

It is unacceptable to be drunk.

Since Larry Bud Melman appeared on the show, he has not been funny.

Therefore, the universe has its own explanation.

----------------What is our reward for fighting for them?

I don't fight for marriage.

If they were Catholics, I would call them Catholics.

She is a good woman.

Why hate others because they succeed?

You look as angry as Henry.

Express your common sense/deductive reasoning.

-No, we have a Christian in the office now.

Ann Romney never had to go out and become part of the workforce.

As far as I know, it has never ejaculated.

I said you became soft.

Most of the time,% of the time, we get what we expect.

Ben, stop making excuses for that man.

So, the abbreviated form, yes, may be different in different countries.

The material evidence does not support your claim.

But he said every level.

I asked again, if God did not exist, what would be morally wrong?

Mainly Dutch.

Tiger Eye We are all containers full of many miracles.

Nothing can stop this from happening in court.

To commit a crime in a gang is a crime.

Chuck, I'll give Iran a deal.

Opinions differ.

This is the implementation of the law.

One word: has zombie Annie ever used her sexuality like this?

Liberalism/Anarchy Capitalism: You have two cows.

Why do people like you put scientists on the altar?

Then I asked: What do they want to hide?

I think it will make you an accessory.

"Do you want to wear your seat belt?"

I repeat: they don't have sovereignty as they used to.

I don't think he is evil at all.

We are all containers full of miracles.

The point is that an unarmed black child was murdered.

Martin said, "Why are you following me?"

I'm not interested in religion.

If I am active, it will appear in one of the scans..

If you want to buy a house or an suv, who cares?

All people in the world are at the current level of "prosperity" in Northwest Africa.

If you answer "No" but "Yes", then you may be a straight man.

Sometimes, I also fantasize about letting people give in before my insane will.

My sheriff told me it's not good for you.

As far as the barking of idiots is concerned, this is also an excellent actor.

How does Martin or others know his intentions from his actions?

"Let the government get involved in everything?"

Express your common sense/deductive reasoning.

I also assumed this in my argument.

Does jury invalidity mean the law is unconstitutional?

I am "a group of cells"

Mann and Hess are all about tree rings.

I'm sorry, Kelly.

I don't like many kinds of drinks.

I hope your lo is ok.

Any woman who wants an abortion can get one.

Did you see Hitler kill Jews?

Your good friend Mitt.

That doesn't mean it's a bad choice.

You need to reread what I wrote.

Imagine a place with% white people and% black people.

My kid broke in and said, "What's that dad?"

Jay, my ex fiance won't use va or navy doctor.

The judge ordered a three page letter.

@Lucige Andre, thank you, Lucige.

This broke the daily average record.

Martin said, "Why are you following me?"

So, I don't know how legal it is, but.

For most people, isn't the parliamentary tax frozen?

Your misogyny is getting more and more confused.

No, that's not how it works.

Wuwuhahaha, breathe in, breathe out, and move on.

Wait for the contractions to become more intense and tight.

Obama is a member of the far left.

@Siracuse, what you want to call depends on you.

Does jury invalidity mean the law is unconstitutional?

What is this belief?

In addition, I found this point: so I really read this article and guessed what I found.

Before you get married, the government doesn't have to announce that you are married.

Democracy has nothing to do with freedom.

How many lines are you going to make?

So which system is not suitable for us?

Especially after declaring that marriage is a basic human right.

The Russians of Damascus!

Well, dilution is not like this.

I don't think what she said is so controversial.

Chaos is just people voting.

Originally released by eleanor.ellis

Cheering theme song: We are all containers full of miracles.

They do not have sovereignty as they used to.

Morality and honesty have something to do with it.

I'm talking to Will Cornell West What the hell is this?

There is no "war" in the Middle East.

-I didn't say he intended to arrest him.

Put a little love in your heart. We are all containers full of miracles.

I am "a group of cells"

You are a girl.

No, the invalidity of the jury does not mean that the law is unconstitutional.

Voting is definitely not what it used to be.

The manufacturer must convince the government that it is safe.

I think you missed the key points quoted by twain again.

"The goblin does not exist" - OK.

He said it was a mental disease. How could he be paranoid?

Playing with fire is a container filled with many miracles.

And Obama's budget is zero.

Or sin is removed as soon as it enters heaven.

How long after the graffiti, the children should no longer feel troubled?

No matter what you say, we are all containers full of many miracles.

How will California react?

Look, this is meaningless.

Refresh your memory: Who should have operated the killing gas chamber?

If the universe has an explanation for its existence, that explanation is God.

The genetic susceptibility of Alzheimer's disease is low inheritance.

To be fair, have you noticed those absurd words you said?

The aggressors used force.

This is what the history shows.

Cheering theme song: We are all containers full of miracles.

In fact, this is only Dutch.

I like watching children play.

@Sozobe, I think Santorum is more likely than Gingrich.

Why do they look at each other like that!

Do you drive a fucking volt?

I don't think there is any problem.

Will he treat American society better?

Again, this is not a constitutional issue.

Hey, you fools... bought a cover... hook..

"Press the number one to learn English."

What belief did you say before?

Objectivism was not wishful thinking at first, but realism.

The point you quoted should be: "I never said that rehabilitation will never work."

Did anyone see this video?

Red fox stands beside.

This is not the working principle of legal reasoning.

You don't know whether these factors are causing climate warming.

He also informed Captain Lord.

Therefore, meta system dialectics is diachronic synchronic dialectics.

Do you drive a fucking volt?

Michigan is a Republican controlled state.

Most foxes are frozen.

@The impostor guide, Frank, I observe and perceive.

It doesn't matter that the government monitors its citizens.

Langdon, so this is Christmas. We are all containers full of miracles.

Less than%, but not very low.

This is not how to sell, gb.

God may not exist.

Wuwuhahaha, breathe in, breathe out, and move on.

I think we all agree with the nature of this change.

The bad thing is that there is room.

Ha ha, ha ha, ha ha!

Your freedom of speech will not be more prohibited than it is today.

This is a question that needs to be answered.

I claim to attach great importance to human life.

Mosquitoes cling.

Don't be a compassionate president.

Do you have anything to make it more attractive?

The point you quoted should be: "I never said that rehabilitation will never work."

In the zombie season, we are all containers full of many miracles.

Do we agree that they are basically free falling?

Those who support choice will not try to force anyone to have an abortion.

Don't evade the question.

Haiti has always been a dump.

I don't believe there are any icebergs near the Titanic.

Worst of all, he is not even a leaf fan!

I hope he can be re elected.

Volachek's goal.

Of course, it is possible that his family was affected, but the school was not.

Because people have awakened.

The California is a cargo ship.

Until they make a decision, "the Act is presumed to be constitutional."

Ignorance is yours!

Those who fight for justice for Trevor are hypocrites.

How do you know which story is right?

Ah ha ha ha ha!

Natalie is a complete fool, insulting their fans.

Obama is Bush's fault.

I don't use "you hate Jews" as a prefix or suffix

I never said that blacks would riot.

You don't have to.

John the Baptist was born a Nazarene.

Paul has no faith without work.

All people in the world are at the current level of "prosperity" in Northwest Africa.

Seismic data is not equal to the duration of collapse.

Originally released by Solitary Fox, it is not all about Iran.

You may not like his position, but at least he has.

I absolutely believe that there is an iceberg in those waters.

This is a rich man from conservatives.

Satan represents revenge, not turning around!

Just pay taxes.

Islam has always been political.

Vicilo March's initial announcement was also the date of the Chinese uprising.

I hope all is well.

Do you understand why non US residents are also related to statistics?

Respectfully, steve, i have seen ufo over warsaw in the past.

It depends on which action has further advanced their Lonnie melody agenda.

So that you can acknowledge and confirm that I have not made any claim.

His "friend" said that he was hit by a car.

There is no war in the Middle East.

People who support life only mean "against abortion".

-Income, maximum tax rate:%.

Cheering theme song: We are all containers full of miracles.

Ha ha, you are too ignorant.

Bobby Helm's bell rock music We are all containers filled with many miracles.

The problem is who has no money.

Ford did not accept taxpayer money to save the company.

Indians would say the same thing to Bagawadgita.

Then your confusion will not make me a liar.

When Muslims are extreme, it is terrorism.

Some people believe that it is most important not to slaughter the fetus.

Atomic theory is not an opinion, not a belief.

You want others to decide the woman's body.

Where is the media?

You left no trace of a at the pentagon.

For the trillions of times, I never said that rehabilitation did not work.

All people in the world are at the current level of "prosperity" in Northwest Africa.

My hair is beautiful!

I don't fight for marriage.

People are responsible for their actions.

Did the transaction happen?

This is not the same thing.

Put a little love in your heart. We are all containers full of miracles.

The problem is who has no money.

It did not say that it was not involved.

Look forward to seeing it!

Originally released by izzy!

Candy - Thank you for letting us go today.

They just can't.

If I owe you a trillion dollars, you have a problem.

If the location is not verifiable; Then it should be rejected.

All people in the world are at the current level of "prosperity" in Northwest Africa.

And Obama's budget is zero.

Is there a gun test in the United States?

I thought it was good, but I didn't find it confusing.

I asked again, if God did not exist, what would be morally wrong?

Unconstitutional means unconstitutional.

Originally released by Muslim girls, this is not entirely impossible.

This is our country.

Yes, originally released by zaf for a long time.

Eddie Jos Kone threw a game.

Edited by Russell: Edited to correctly cover up profanity in quoted articles.

The quotation you provided has nothing to do with the invalidity of the jury.

Is there any evidence for paranoia?

You don't need a search button at all, do you?

Paul has no chance.

To the world, we are all containers full of miracles.

To be fair, have you noticed those absurd words you said?

What if they have personal prejudice?

Especially gnostic.

And parts of the West Coast.

We're talking about women as war bounties, aren't we?

Last night, Japanese troops attacked the Philippines.

What is your definition of "soul"?

Yes, but they are responsible to the voters.

This ideology is based on violent expansion and racial superiority.

@Osoboko, can this be an enema?

The use of advantages has a reinforcing effect.

He said the problem needs to be corrected before the shuttle fleet is allowed to fly again.

"I think people are becoming more confident that the police have escaped."

The personal doctor of Myanmar's pro democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi said on Friday that she would be put under house arrest after she was released from the hospital where she underwent surgery.

John Hain, a spokesman for the committee in Washington, declined to comment on Spitzer's criticism.

In Europe, France's cac-40 index rose 1.3%, Britain's FTSE 100 index fell 0.2%, and Germany's dax index rose 0.6%.

Senators John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida did not attend.

He added that genes on y may play a role in gender differences that affect disease susceptibility.

One defining feature of temperament is people's response to novelty.

But the butterflies that live in the earlier photoperiod (1 a.m. to 1 p.m.) fly to the southeast.

When she sang "If I can", she won the championship of talent and art, as well as the evening dress competition.

Of the 1.1 million people infected in South Asia, 62 per cent are women.

Palestinian sources said that one hour later, Israeli attack helicopters fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing seven people.

jerry cheske, a spokesman for aaa, said that prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for this.

She counterclaimed $125 million, claiming that g+j violated her contract, excluded her from key editorial decisions, and manipulated the financial data of the magazine.

Standard edition is the single processor edition of oracle standard edition database.

Earlier this year, microsoft acquired a virtual pc from its developer, connectx.

The deceased Leon Williams was found in his third floor apartment.

This is the first large-scale anti-terrorism exercise of the United States since the September 11 terrorist attacks.

Urselreisen confirmed that the company has been operating the bus, but declined to disclose the details of the passengers, saying only that they were of different ages.

The World Health Organization reported 17 confirmed cases of cholera yesterday in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.

Khatami, who arrived in Beirut on Monday, will also visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.

General Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said: "At first glance, there seems to be no violation of any rules.".

In Milville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered the flags of all cities to fly at half mast within the next 30 days.

Tom kraynak, operations and resources manager of the east central ohio reliability committee, said investigators were considering the situation.

All samples contain molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.

It can store more than 1GB of information in a cubic centimeter, equivalent to 1000 high-quality images or about 12 hours of music.

Excluding legal and other expenses, the company expects a loss of 1 to 4 cents per share.

Clinton wrote: "To me, Lewinsky's chaos seems to be just another vicious scandal created by political opponents.".

Morgenthau said that from 2001 to 2002, 4 of the 40 accounts opened in Fenghuoshan had wire transfers totaling more than 3.2 billion dollars.

Stony Brook State University started the study in 1996, and previous studies suggested that there might be a connection.

Earlier, Al Bashir's supporters defied the orders of the police and shouted "Allah is the greatest" when he walked to his seat.

Spokesman James Howe said that five children aged 4 to 17 were taken to hospital due to neck and chest injuries, and three children were treated at the scene.

The Joint Intelligence Committee approved the report.

About 31 percent of Americans are now obese, weighing about 30 pounds or more than their healthy weight.

"Coupling" is an american version of a popular british comedy, which will meet with friends on thursday.

August 15, 1982: The remains of Chapman, doe and mill were found in the Green River.

"They completely looted and burned the two villages," opposition commander Usman Kulibali told Reuters by satellite phone from the jungle.

This is the highest reading of the index since its creation in August 1997.

u. U.S. special forces are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.

Carol keaton strayhorn, the comptroller, said on thursday that texas legislators must close the $185.9 million budget gap by mid july, or the school will open in september.

Hartford shares rose $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.

Dvd cca appealed to the supreme court of the united states.

A radio station suspended two record jockeys because they locked themselves in the recording room and continued to play Dixie Chicken songs, in violation of the station's ban on the band's music two months ago.

Sovereign shares closed at $15.68 on the New York Stock Exchange, down 74 cents, or 4.5%.

In afternoon trading, Aspen's stock fell 89 cents, or more than 27%, to $2.33 per share.

The six to three decision revived a law requiring libraries to install filters or hand over federal funds.

When the post of Prime Minister was established in the spring, it provided a way for the United States and Israel to work around Arafat.

Notice the subtitle of this terrible fable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elijah Kazan, and the Blacklist: No one is without sin."

On Saturday, California officials said Green was cooperative, but said he did not disclose what happened to the children.

A kayaker found Dr. Scrickner's body floating near the doctor's residence in Pottage Bay, where he was having lunch while his wife, Ethel, went to the appointment.

Protesters rushed to the stage. After twice cutting off the microphone power, Hutchison interrupted his speech.

At about 7:00 p.m. on Thursday, a passer-by found the boy hiding on a dirt road in Fox Valley, Spain. His feet were not injured, but his hands were still entangled with tape.

Doctors say one or two of the boys may die, and if they survive, they may cause some brain damage.

Another victim who recovered Tuesday morning was 31 year old Al Larsen from Fort Worth, Texas.

Glaxosmithkline, a british pharmaceutical company, said it would cut off supplies from canadian stores that ship drugs to the us.

The competition commission ruled yesterday on the merger of carlton and granada, the two itv companies.

She said that she finally allowed him to repair her bike while she was sitting in his car, and they talked.

Daniels said he did not know what Bush would say at tonight's $2000 reception to raise funds for re-election.

A three judge panel at the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a decision in support of the statute issued last year.

At present, there are only 29 families of frogs known, most of which were named in the middle of the 19th century.

"This is an extremely painful moment for the entire Brandeis University community.

According to corel data, the total estimated value of this transaction, including convertible securities, is 124 million dollars.

He played four seasons in Miami, including the Dolphins losing 27-17 to Washington in the Super Bowl.

It is expected that the beta version of interprise linux service will be available on some HP proliant servers in July.

Excluding one-time items, the company expects earnings per share of 11 cents to 15 cents.

Speaking in the Senate, Byrd said that he questioned "the motivation of a president sitting at a table to wear a samurai costume for his speech."

The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 1.92 points, or 0.12%, to 1647.94.

Yesterday, tickets that can be bought through the conductor began to sell.

Grant Thornton claimed that he was also the "victim" of a fraud.

This task attracted two megabyte masters, peter lyman and hal varian, professors of the school of information management and systems at the university of california, berkeley.

Mr. Shelby said in the "Meet the Media" program of nbc: "My judgment is that 95% of the information can be decrypted without being censored, so that the American people will know."

No tumor was found; Instead, cavities and scar tissue were found in their location.

However, the United States insists that it wants to take more measures to prevent complaints from being filed first, preferably by repealing the entire law.

Two year old Egyptian twin boys were born in a conjoined head after 26 hours of surgery at the Dallas Children's Medical Center.

Mizner and the party secretary, Orfi Pines, agreed to convene the party organization within 10 days to discuss whether to hold a new primary election or appoint temporary leaders.

The euro surged to $1.1914 in Asian trading, then fell to $1.1884 in late European trading from $1.1857 late Monday.

At the summit on Wednesday, Abbas promised to end the "armed insurrection", abandon "terrorism against Israel" and hinted at disarming the militants.

"Today's announcement was unexpected," said Dr. Rod Gibbons, a spokesman for the Naval Academy.

lendingtree shares rose 43 per cent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the past two months.

Last week, his lawyer asked the government to pardon mark r. warner, but the governor refused to intervene.

Daniel, the son of brian rohrbough, was killed at columbia university.

George Tenet, director of the CIA, said: "[They] are defined as dedication and courage.".

As a key measure of demand, license sales fell 21% to $107.6 million.

According to the warrant affidavit, Dotson was arrested on July 21 when he told FBI agents that when Danny tried to shoot, he shot and killed Danny.

The prosecutor insisted that Duster murdered Blake in order to impersonate Blake.

The board of peoplesoft recommended that shareholders reject the proposal.

The leader of the Black People's Democratic Party is trying to arrange a meeting with Terry McAuliffe, chairman of the Democratic National Committee, to discuss the layoff of 10 ethnic minority employees at the party headquarters.

giovanni bisignani, director general of the Geneva based international air transport association, said: "This is a dark day for our industry.".

Other countries participating in psi include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and the United Kingdom.

Nearly half (45%) are for shopping or running errands.

Given that Cavaliers have been using Google's advertising services, this is also a strategic victory for the overture.

Several Florida officials involved in the case received a threat letter with rifle bullets attached.

Hoey confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but was expected to return this week.

The United States Roman Catholic Diocese in Boston provided $55 million to resolve more than 500 sexual abuse lawsuits involving priests.

This includes dialogue between police, firefighters and other emergency personnel, as well as media inquiries.

The 30-year bond us30yt=rr fell 14/32 to yield 4.26% from 4.23%.

But he is the only candidate who has won national labor support so far, and won the 11th place on Tuesday.

Oracle shares also rose on the news, rising 15 cents to $13.51 on Nasdaq.

The North American stock market started slowly on Tuesday, and investors were ready to taste quarterly earnings for the first time.

The market also fell, rising for four consecutive weeks.

His first Father's Day as a father, his first major as a champion.

The company said that these patents were "allegedly" transferred to syndia in 2001 through Lemelson Medical, Education and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.

In 2003, the US market will decline by 2.1% to US $30.6 billion, and in 2004, it will increase by 15.7% to US $35.4 billion.

At the ceremony, Mollier's widow Ellie sobbed and hugged Bondson's sister-in-law, and people comforted her.

Grassley and Baucus said that they rejected this practice in the plan.

In the second quarter of last year, ak steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share.

Technology stocks, represented by the Nasdaq Composite Index, rose 30.46 points, or 2.04%, to 1520.15.

"This is a brazen attempt to intimidate," said one Republican who attended the meeting.

A statement from the Federal Bureau of Investigation said that legal proceedings were expected to take place in the federal court in Baltimore on Monday.

"This is a blonde with a Cartier watch on her wrist," the source said.

The NASDAQ Composite Index, which is full of technology stocks, has recently risen by about 18 points.

However, the report said that the bureau never paid close attention to Bayumi, although it was informed in advance that he was a secret Saudi agent.

"It really affected the company, to a large extent," said Jim Santangelo, chairman of the Elmont 42 Team Joint Council.

After handing over $3 million in bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.

The analysis company said that, more importantly, the company did not have enough confidence to replace the old personal computers.

In addition, 6800 people are in isolation, and thousands of medical staff are in work isolation.

His mother said that her son would be unhappy, but then turned around and became friends with his scoffer.

The NASDAQ Composite Index, which is full of technology stocks, has recently risen by about 18 points.

The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 1.92 points, or 0.12%, to 1647.94.

District Attorney David Lupus reminded the jurors that Stubbs was "a cold, shrewd killer".

The 30-year bond us30yt=rr jumped 20/32 to yield 4.14% from 4.18%.

The seventh person, a 21-year-old female, was in critical condition in the burn department of Akron Children's Hospital.

Officials said that these people were flying to nearby Botswana on a Malawi Airlines flight.

"In return, we hope North Korea will give up nuclear weapons."

"We condemn the management committee headed by the United States," Sadr said during a fierce sermon at the Kufa Mosque near Najaf.

Sendmail said that the product could be instructed to allow only commercial use.

counterbane and idefense both believe that the vulnerability is valid for Windows 2000 systems running servicepack3 and 4.

Earlier on Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year dollar 10yt=rr fell 16/32, raising its yield to 3.33% from 3.26% late Tuesday.

A pessimistic forecast from Sun Microsystems. O Put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.

Coca Cola shares fell 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.

Ernst&Young denied the statement made by the Securities and Exchange Commission and said its recommendations were "irresponsible".

In fact, Wolfowitz admitted on Saturday that neither military action nor "large-scale bribery" can solve this problem.

Wood said that at the scene of the accident, the driver was "covered in blood", but helped to take the children away.

The technology stock Nasdaq Composite Index rose 18.35 points, or 1.13%, to 1646.02.

Guidant's shares fell 5.3 per cent to $40.92 in afternoon trading on the new york stock exchange.

On Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shooting in the Washington area, the moose book went on sale.

Analysts from the Ministry of Labor believe that the national unemployment rate has improved slightly. In August, the unemployment rate fell to 6.1% from 6.2%.

The study also found that skin cancer in Norway and Sweden had nearly tripled since the 1950s.

Obus also denied the defense's motion to postpone the trial date on september 29.

According to some opposition parties, Manto tshabalala msimang, the Minister of Health, is not suitable to host the antiretroviral treatment promotion program.

He or she decides the sales direction of the company, or basically what it should represent.

The vicar christopher coyne, a spokesman for the diocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.

Relatives of several Australian attack victims sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese people attended the trial.

In July, 32 Singaporean policemen were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.

In early US trading, the euro fell 0.6% to $1.1741, having previously risen to a four month high of $1.1860.

Previously, the company reported a meager profit of $12 million during the period, or break even per share.

A coalition of campaign groups, including the radical National Student Organization, is supporting this initiative and mobilizing to protest.

Sap said that it also added. net and j2ee support to its enterprise application environment development tool set.

Its safety records vary widely, with 47 accidents resulting in 668 deaths.

Ryan harvey, a high school outfielder from florida, was chosen sixth by the cubs.

About 20 families of the victims were invited to attend the press conference.

Four defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other charges.

After Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments, schools and many enterprises are still closed.

On Tuesday, he received support from the United Steelworkers of America.

Ftc has registered 50 million phone numbers for this list, which will take effect on october 1.

"I stayed in the water for about eight seconds.

The president of naacp state, adola obi nwezer, said the state refused to consider the possibility of murder.

On the contrary, they worried that the meeting was an attempt by the interest groups of enterprise agriculture and biotechnology to enter new markets.

"This has angered Member States," said rian wathen, head of the united food and commercial workers local 700.

The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 194.14 points, or 2.09%, to 9469.20, after falling more than 1% the day before.

The company said on its website that about 38000 og energy customers have no electricity.

Now, Branca's husband, Roger Lawrence, 63, is full of Tracy's stench and faces murder charges issued by the Philippine government in February.

Prince, the head of Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, will succeed Sanford Weill as CEO.

Operating revenue rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.

Spot gold was quoted at US $358.65/359.15 per ounce, closing at 0500 gmt, which once soared to US $359.25, the highest level since February 25.

In Canada, the soaring dollar has again become the focus, as it struggles to stay above the 75 cent mark.

But the Lord Chancellor ruled that the repeated questioning of Martinez's police chief while he was screaming in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9586.71.

Joseph Tosela, President of the National Constitutional Center, was hit in the head and fell on his knees.

Among the three companies, only Dillard responded to the survey, which ranked 45 major companies in terms of employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.

"I don't know whether the person I'm talking to will eventually become another person," Parrish said.

Authorities said the 45 year old Lavner had no lawyer charged with murder.

The Smoking Act, which was passed in 1999 but never came into force, will prohibit customers in bars and restaurants from lighting up, but private clubs are not subject to the regulation.

More than 200 people were killed in the Bali nightclub bombing in October, and one of the main suspects was tried under strict security on Monday.

By 2040, retirees will account for one third of the population, compared with one fifth today.

The police said Iraqi police opened fire in the center of Baghdad on Wednesday. Demonstrators demanding employment rushed into the police station and threw stones at the police.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 49 points, or 0.47%, to 10578.

Eds reported a first quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.

Microsoft shares fell 4.7% in after hours trading, falling to $27.54 from $28.91 on Nasdaq.

They will actually set a record for the sales of velcade this year, "said matt geller, world market analyst at cibc.

Rebels and government forces, including those loyal to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging rural villages in Liberia under the peace agreement.

Microsoft has patented a popular instant messaging feature that displays users when someone at the other end of the conversation is typing a message.

On June 5, the bodies of Kokovsky and Fasete were unearthed at their home on the Olivet Mountain Highway in Serensky.

We think this is a bad law, and we still hope that it will be finally rehabilitated.

In the opinion, Klein pointed out that it is illegal for younger children to have sexual relations.

This transaction will increase the sales revenue of the consumer goods business of callebaut by about 45%, reaching one third of the total sales.

The Indonesian army was accused of human rights violations in the earlier fight with Gham, but the Indonesian army generally denied this accusation.

The Iraqi economy collapsed under the leadership of former President Saddam Hussein and the US led war to overthrow him, which ended in April.

A man waved an English dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".

The majority of the bill's $64.7 billion was spent on military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.

Dolores e. mahoy, 68, of spring, colorado, is the person that congress is about to pass legislation that may help.

On the New York Stock Exchange, the number of falling stocks is slightly more than the number of rising stocks.

A new beauty contest to be held in Italy next week will provide an opportunity for the perfect accessories of pixels, and take away the sexy symbol status of sexy Sofia.

Analysts in Thomson's first telephone survey estimated a loss of $2.75 per share.

It is widely expected that Bayer will formally approve the sale of the aircraft to airlines.

Some people feel that the conditions are too good. They can attack us there.

Defence lawyers have asked for a change of venue for two reasons: they argue that a large amount of pre-trial propaganda has tarnished the jury's allegations against their clients.

lendingtree matches borrowers with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders via the internet.

Last night, Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received unexpected tax cuts of $3 to $11 a week from Peter Costello, the finance minister.

The head of the local disaster department, gyorgy heizler, said that long-distance bus drivers did not notice the red stop light.

This academic year, the average tuition of public universities is $4694, an increase of nearly $600 over the previous year.

Last month, the unemployment rate in St. Joaquin County fell to 8.5%, down nearly a percentage point from August.

The barn near the front door is also equipped with safety lights.

But American troops will not shrink from raids where the enemy can be pinpointed.

Moore did not immediately respond Tuesday.

On August 8, Judge Robert Yates of the juvenile court ordered Parker to be held in protective custody.

"The Iranians claim that the steps taken to capture Al Qaida are not enough.

The findings were presented at the American Thoracic Society meeting in Seattle and will be published tomorrow in the New England Journal of Medicine.

Chief justice william h.rehnquist, justice antonin scalia and clarence thomas objected.

United paid a $34 million fine for failing to meet their employment targets.

Shirley's office released the number of signatures late Friday, and said that so far, there are 575926 signatures in all counties.

On Tuesday, before Byrd's speech, Fleischer said that Bush wanted to see the plane land in the way that the pilot saw the plane land.

Brent Newbury, chairman of the Rockland County Patrol Charity Association, said angrily, "The whole thing is a tragedy.".

Sacks added: "It is strange that Polchia is the only victim in this case.".

Rob O'Neill, an official of the Federation, said: "Take off your gloves.

Pratt&Whitney said that if it wins the contract, 75% of the engine equipment will be outsourced to European suppliers, and the final assembly will be carried out in Germany.

Staff writers Brandon Forby and Colleen McKane Nelson contributed to this report.

The New Zealand Business Council did not indicate to Westpac whether it would approve the transaction.

He added that prosecutors would seek the death penalty.

Notice the subtitle of this terrible fable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elijah Kazan, and the Blacklist: No one is without sin."

He also opposed increasing sales tax and personal income tax in the package plan.

The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for 9.95 dollars.

"We don't know everything, but what we know shows that we should take what they say seriously," he said.

Gillette's shares fell 45 cents to close at $33.70 in New York Stock Exchange trading on Wednesday.

The shares of Outback Steakhouse Co., Ltd., headquartered in Tampa, closed at $44.50 on the New York Stock Exchange, up $1.78, or 4.2%.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average briefly broke the 9000 mark for the first time since December last year. "

The US Department of Homeland Security announced on Tuesday that it had selected three companies to continue to study how to thwart MANPADS attacks on US commercial aircraft.

The government hopes to resume negotiations with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (ltte) to discuss the transitional structure.

Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, a fund in Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, will be beheaded in public.

The original purpose of this free service was to prevent about 80% of telemarketers from making calls.

Jordan Green, O'Brien's lawyer, declined to comment.

Hadley said in a statement issued by his lawyer: "I am very pleased with the outcome of the lawsuit.

The damage occurred in Willow Canyon, one of the three aspen fire threatened areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains.

"We don't want to stand by and watch credit card lynching happen," he said.

The commercial version of 2.6 kernel released by major Linux publishers is still several months away.

The Nasdaq Composite fell 6.52 points, or 0.39%, to 1645.66.

But officials later revised the figures and said about 250 people were arrested in about 60 stores.

Brian halla, chief executive of natsemi, said that the deal was meaningful for both companies.

Among those who signed the letter, 57 were senators, including 24 Republicans.

As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties have been reported to the health department.

Manuel and his team entered the United States by thousands of people every day, crossing the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.

The analyst, who has been let go by merrill lynch, can ask for a hearing before a panel at nasd.

However, Bush also slammed the terrorist bombing in Saudi Arabia, which killed at least 29 people, including some Americans.

"I am very proud of the citizens of this state," said john baldaci, a government official who is the enemy of casinos.

Schwarzenegger selected more independent voters and cross party voters than Bustamont.

Dietmore announced his resignation plan on April 23.

Serens was sentenced to seven years in prison for genetic bank robbery.

Maddox has been fighting against cancer since 1983. Earlier this month, he fell in his assisted living home while recovering from surgery.

Graham, who co chaired the investigation, is the presidential candidate.

Rolfe said that linksys surpassed Cisco Systems last year and became a major supplier of wireless LAN devices.

Schools that fail to meet the examination objectives for two consecutive years must provide transfer.

Investigators say that tampering with drugs is so profitable that many suspects live in houses worth millions of dollars.

Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be treated fairly and that he was full of confidence in the US judicial system.

Roger van der pool, the police chief of Pinar County, said that people in a van opened fire on a pickup truck and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants.

The trial will last until early 2004 and is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses on Friday.

Personal computers are scattered in the United States, Canada and South Korea.

Microsoft has issued a patch for this vulnerability, which will affect windows nt 4.0, windows nt 4.0 terminal service edition, windows 2000, windows xp and windows server 2003.

The donation of 60000 tons brings the total donation of the United States this year to 100000 tons.

In 1998, because many consumers were worried about health risks, the EU banned the import of genetically modified food.

He said that products featuring Vanderbil would be released within five years.

This week, at the McDonald's lpga championship, Annika Sorenstam had an appetizer and continued the main course.

The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 6 points, or 0.41%, to 1498.

Cisco has a similar relationship with belnan's competitors sbc communications, at&t and sprint communications.

Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves in the school.

Moctada Sadr said: "We condemn and condemn the management committee headed by the United States.".

In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen NGOs said they would boycott the vote and warn voters against fraud.

However, between 1960 and 2000, the population of the state increased by 30.4% to 6080485.

Bryant, 24, was charged with felony sexual assault.

Jay Fishman, 51, is the chairman and CEO of Sao Paulo. He will be the CEO of the merged company.

Douglas Mester, 20, was charged with rape, sodomy, indecency and providing alcohol to minors.

The airline said similar findings were made on planes in Houston.

Phil Rosenthal, the creator and executive producer of the play, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.

Pataki said that if the power was restored, the state staff would return to work on Friday morning.

The NASDAQ index fell about 0.4% this month, which is expected to break the seven month continuous rise.

The report was found in a training manual for rural people last week.

Concerned about the safety of its staff in Iraq, the International Committee of the Red Cross announced the temporary closure of its offices in Baghdad and Basra.

The Irish Palestinian Solidarity Movement in which he participated said that he was studying a school exchange project.

Glover said that the killer used a "strange knotter", including a coaxial cable and an extension cable, to strangle some victims.

Jane Doe decided to fight the subpoena and asked Verizon to conceal her name.

In one case in august, a 27 year old laboratory worker in singapore developed sars.

Above 50 means the growth of the industry, and below 50 means contraction.

Supporters Monday asked the federal court to prevent the demolition of a monument to the Ten Commandments from the Alabama Justice Building.

Johnston received $5.8 million in salary and bonus when he became President in 2001, and $1 million as a part-time consultant in 2002.

Morris said that a black pickup was also found in the Campbell Creek area.

Fcc chairman michael powell chaired the hearing on monday.

On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5% to close at 9905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite rose 0.7% to close at 1995.1.

Tehran has made it clear that it will only sign the Protocol if it lifts the ban on the import of peaceful Western nuclear technology.

Congress passed similar bills twice, but President Clinton vetoed them twice.

"I'd rather talk about positive numbers than negative numbers.

Under the plan, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to locate high-risk cargo before it arrives in the United States.

In 1999, two years before his death, Mr. Nelson told an interviewer that he thought the rock star would live many years longer than him.

Her 20-year-old sister Alison was severely burned and is still in hospital in critical condition.

As of yesterday, the total number of national guards and reserve forces in the world was 154603.

A telemarketing assistant hired by vietnow raised $7.1 million from 1987 to 1995.

warren david campbell, 32, and jonathan smith, 47, a fellow climber, did not return as expected after climbing in mt d'archiac in Mackenzie District on Tuesday.

Officials said that he had been in protective detention since he was handed over to Suza Baranowski in April.

The platform of the Democratic Party in 2000 did not explicitly support gay marriage, but supported "bringing gay families into national life completely"

The stock rose 63 cents, or 3%, to $20.26 in regular Nasdaq trading.

Hundreds of reporters and photographers crowded the town, and this brief hearing involving the five time All Star was broadcast live on the national cable television network.

Sales in the second quarter increased by 7%, from $600 million in 2002 to $645 million.

The representative of Turner Memorial ame Church said that 43 year old Cheria Chany Wilson was excited when she came to the church in Kirkwood Community, which is located in the east of the city.

He is the diamond trump card of the United States, which shows the most wanted picture of Iraqi leaders.

The pro independence activist of the Liberal League, Mikodragivkovic, came in second with 31% of the vote.

With the help of the Federal Bureau of Investigation of the United States, Georgia has recovered all funds except 70000 dollars.

Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a single day record, and 55 new cases on May 23.

Sammy Sousa was suspended by Major League Baseball for eight games for using cork sticks. He immediately appealed against the decision.

Half of the women took a combination of estrogen and progesterone every day, and the rest took a placebo.

On October 10, each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when he was taken from his home.

Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan to separate the twins three times instead of a long operation.

The company expanded these basic services, providing payment and even financing.

One woman was killed and more than 100 people were injured in the Atlanta Olympics.

In 2001, President Bush appointed her a member of the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest student loan institution in the United States.

Wave after wave of scandals not only angered the supporters of the victims, but also angered parishioners and some priests, so that the law could no longer govern the diocese.

On Wednesday, a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, ordered Zucarini not to be released on bail.

The department's position has disappointed some abortion opponents and may alienate social conservatives who provide strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.

South Africa has 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, the largest number of AIDS cases in the world.

As the executive vice president of the new enterprise, elias will report to joe tucci, president and ceo of emc.

President Yoweri Museveni promoted Brigadier General Alonda Nyakhelima to Major General and appointed him Commander of the Army.

Webtv was sold to microsoft at a price of 425 million dollars in 1997. today, it is called msn tv.

The metropolitan transportation authority, which plans to appeal, is required to restore old subway and bus fares and old commuter rail fares by may 28.

"Today, we are trying to convey this issue to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news website) and President Bush (news website website)."

The state hopes to hunt and kill wolves in an area of about 1700 square miles near McGrath, and establish a moose like nursery.

Peterson told the police that he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on December 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.

When the Empire State survey was far more than expected, the price fell from the offshore high and jumped from 10.6 in May to 26.8 in June, a record high.

Norman McKinley, the chief detective in charge of the investigation, said: "There is evidence that one or more bodies were in this area.

Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying he had never discussed personnel issues.

General Geoffrey said that he would donate his military pension to charity during his service in Ararumla.

Tampa Bay coach Lu Pinera, substitute coach John McClaren and Haff were sent off in the ninth inning.

tnk bp has six oil production units, five refineries and 2100 gas stations.

Libeskind said that many of the changes were improvements to the original plan.

Peter Drucker, a Florida Democrat, said he wanted to congratulate the fda.

Globally, the number of active possible cases has decreased to 573.

In Chinese Mainland, the disease has caused 300 deaths and more than 5270 infections.

It also supports color tags to better organize documents, and supports dynamic browsing of mac, windows, and unix file servers.

Officials from Torch and Jet Blue did not respond to repeated calls from Mercury News seeking comment.

Devris, who was castrated voluntarily in August 2001, said that the operation deprived him of his sexual desire.

This week, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq rose 39.42 points.

Suse, headquartered in nuremberg, germany, will license sun's java 2 standard edition (j2se) and ship sun's java virtual machine to its linux software line.

On Sunday, there was a long queue outside the gas station, and people were scrambling to withdraw money from the ATM because the Israelis were preparing for the impact of the strike.

Technology stocks led the Nasdaq Composite Index down 8.52 points, or 0.51%, to 1670.21.

"We are very vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's Public Safety Commissioner.

The sales volume increased by 37% year on year to 1.76 billion, exceeding expectations.

The company said it would update its 2003 guidelines when it announced its second quarter results in mid July.

Dave richardson, icc cricket manager, said: "we haven't decided whether to use uninterrupted or dotted lines.".

Xinshi's career includes fighting in Vietnam and the head of the US peacekeeping operation in Bosnia.

The water sample is being sent to the state health department for analysis.

"But this does not absolve them of their responsibility to do everything possible to reduce civilian injuries."

Ross garber, roland's legal adviser, said the governor would not comment on the apartment deal.

Mr. Hughes once saw Amroez's face on TV, which was a notorious picture of a smiling mechanic in East Java.

According to the agreement, medical insurance drug benefits will begin in 2006.

Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 per cent every decade.

Robert fraley, executive vice president of monsanto, said: "due to all the tests, biotechnology products may be safer than traditional products.".

Kelly is a national committee certified teacher with a master's degree. In his 30 years of teaching, he has earned 65000 dollars.

In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said Monday that ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had been set.

The epidemic in the People's Republic of China began in Guangdong Province in November, but the Communist Party of China refused to report the spread of the epidemic truthfully within four months.

Comte said that Druse would be charged with murder.

Revenues were affected by non recurring tax incentives of $8 million in the same period last year.

Next, Baltimore took over Nick Makakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder at Little Harris Junior College in Georgia.

Alhat said that the governor "still hopes that the city will continue to cooperate with us and have sincere discussions."

Some women are also worried about this society. In this society, more and more people carry out cosmetic surgery in order to pursue physical perfection.

msnbc The CIA's request was first reported on Friday by. com.

However, the June issue reviewed by Time magazine yesterday did not contain a photo of Dr. Hollingworth.

Jordan said: "But when this tragedy happened, they did not provide the security we asked for.".

It is announced that Green will replace the parking lot of Chevrolet at No. 1, Dale Earnhardt inc., starting from Winston Open next week.

Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero in the semi-final last year.

Their belief is based on the assumption that estrogen can prevent cell damage and improve blood flow.

The broader Standard&Poor's 500 index rose 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.

Captain Michael Calbert, spokesman of the group, said that none of the casualties were Americans.

Ellison said, "We believe that people's software customers should have the right to choose.".

Hubbard, director of nasa's ames research center in california, said: "we have found solid evidence.".

Scott Andreasi, the District Attorney of Armstrong County, said many family photos in his family did not include Christen.

Microsoft will stop developing its internet explorer browser software version for macintosh computers, saying apple's safari is now what apple needs.

The prosecutor said that Chapman, who has not been arrested, is expected to appear in court next Thursday.

President Bush's campaign team said on Tuesday that since he began running for re-election in May, he has raised $83.9 million, including $70 million to spend.

So far, authorities have also searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana and Michigan.

"They have stopped all new biological crops because of unfounded and unscientific concerns," Bush said.

France angered Washington by taking the lead in opposing the UN's approval of the war, and sought change.

No charges have been filed against these deaths, but David Lupas, the local prosecutor of Luzern County, said the authorities were "continuing to make significant progress".

The Board of Directors said that the business confidence index in the first quarter of 2003 had dropped to 53, and in the most recent second quarter it had risen to 60.

Lawyers for the diocese and the plaintiff began meeting last week to reach an out of court settlement.

In addition, medical insurance will cover 90% of all drug costs.

Sir Richard spoke after meeting with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hawkey in London.

Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the US economy "is likely to enter a period of sustained growth".

Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is very desperate, and her family doesn't find her life has fallen apart.

The Institute of Supply Management said its index of non manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.

"It looks like an isolated event," said Maria Cheng, a spokesman for the World Health Organization.

The police said that after her death, her two children stayed there alone for two days.

According to a police statement, john johnston, 64, was charged with serious harassment and illegal possession of weapons in the telephone case.

The plaintiff's lawyer will receive a settlement of $4.1 million.

Three votes are needed to veto the acc expansion.

Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, many of whom were captured during the war between Afghanistan and Al Qaida.

To contact Brad Cooper, Johnson County City Reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or email bcooper@kcstar  Common domain name format.

Catherine Peterson's family was not present.

Now he can say what he wants, "confirmed Alissa Badley, social director of Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center.

With 2.3 million members, the Episcopal Church is the American branch of the global Episcopal Church, with 77 million believers.

"We still have a lot to do, but I believe HP is no longer an integrated story."

Police arrested 21 people on suspicion of murdering a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the Thames.

In early trading, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 8.76 points, or 0.1%, to 9310.20, and rose 201 points on Monday.

Gan struck out twice in the perfect 23rd save in the ninth inning.

Echostar shares closed Tuesday at a 52 week high of $32.17, up $1.54.

In the investigation, she said that her husband had been assured by his line manager and senior ministerial officials that his name would not be disclosed when he appeared.

If convicted, each person will face up to five years' imprisonment and a fine of $250000 or more depending on the amount of proceeds involved.

u. The US stock market rose slightly on Friday, with little turnover. Wall Street regrouped after the largest power outage in North America's history.

He said passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what had happened.

From 1993 to 2002, the college reported 142 cases of sexual assault.

She added that a few seconds after the crash, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh, my God."

Lee Boyd Marvo will be called as the pre-trial witness of the suspected sniper John Allan Mohamed on Wednesday.

She said: "He really left us with a smile, without saying the last words... He gave each of us a kiss, that's all.".

Young people face fines, suspension or permanent prohibition from entering the securities industry.

He said: "They are an inspiring couple, selfless and brave.

Another victim, Michael Walker from 550 Barbie Street, was shot in the neck.

In an interview, Ms. Healy, a criminologist, said that many parliamentarians here and throughout the country were cautious about the death penalty.

A county fireman was struck by lightning and is now in stable condition at the Frankfurt Regional Medical Center.

Police spokesman Brigadier General Edward Alitonan confirmed yesterday that two other people were arrested, one in Jakarta and the other in Magrand, central Java.

u. William Gbagbo, the US District Judge, said that he was sentenced to the highest penalty because avant-garde did not show remorse.

Jurors were brought to court in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.

In addition, five alternate jurors were selected, and the sixth candidate will be selected on Friday.

The California Department of Agriculture did not immediately provide a formal response to Tuesday's ruling.

He said that he was not bothered by the opinion polls and would continue to do what he thought was right in foreign and domestic policies.

General Sutler led the Joint Task Force on the command ship Whitney.

The result was 3 cents lower than the analyst's forecast in Thomson's first telephone survey.

The ruling came after rim's stock fluctuated sharply for three days in a row, with speculation that hewlett packard, the pc giant, might bid for the company.

The results of the study were published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.

Ratliff said he hoped to submit the two measures to the full Senate before Friday.

"We think this is good news," Enron spokesman Eric Todd said.

Analysts said they believed that wage statistics provided a more accurate picture of the economy because they were based on a larger sample.

Michael schiavo argued that his wife never wanted to be saved.

Jean Francois Marty, the Minister of Health, said on French Radio International: "I think we can now characterize what is happening as a real epidemic.".

Her father, Bob Schindler, said that Terri Schiavo, 39, had been operated on at a hospice center in Tampa Bay, where she had lived for several years.

Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Palenberg held senior marketing positions in P&G.

Director William Morrell has granted Mr. McDeWitt three aspects of police control.

NASA officials could not be reached for comment on Tuesday.

The boy was sent to Nassau University Medical Center, and the staff said he was "OK"

A representative of a multinational company did not immediately comment.

The union also held a five-day strike in March; Before 8 of the last 10 contracts, there had been strikes.

The government, Rick Perry, opposed the expansion of the gambling industry, but said he would "face heavy pressure" to veto the sunset lottery bill.

The Nasdaq Composite fell 8.59 points, or 0.48%, to 1773.54.

Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher is a three term member of the House of Representatives. He is fighting with Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed 98.32 points lower at 9011.53.

Enron's shares accounted for 61% of Worker 401 (k) portfolio.

On Tuesday, the Senate Judiciary Committee overcame a major obstacle by setting up a trust fund to pay for asbestos exposure victims, but the most difficult obstacle remained.

She said she didn't know if she would prove the budget.

The vulnerability involves the Remote Procedure Call (rpc) protocol, which handles communication between computers.

Although obesity increases the risk of a range of health problems, skeptics believe that smoking and high cholesterol also increase, which are not considered diseases.

Now, she won her first trophy in the American Women's Amateur Open on Sunday.

It also has a 4.5 inch backlit LCD display and memory expansion facilities.

At one of the three sampling points in Huntington Beach, the reading was 160 on June 16 and 120 on June 23.

Miles said, "In the past, they could catch 10 fish for every 100 hooks on the long line. Now they are very lucky to catch one fish.".

Fiesta fell 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, to $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.

Several Senate Republicans resent the House map.

Murphy said that Strill's sister, Ethel Selnick, was in court at that time, but Strill did not.

It supports backup rules and prohibits the same group from broadcasting advertisements that promote, support, attack or oppose candidates at any time.

In response to sluggish sales, Cisco cut its spending.

The Royal team chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania, who hit. 528 in the fifth place.

The dollar rose 0.15% against the yen to 115.97 yen.

The Dow Jones index rose 41.61 points on Friday, up 0.4% on the day and 0.7% for the week.

But Crosby told the Associated Press: "From the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone cut their salaries.

In rejecting Nima's proposal, "there are many bureaucratic and administrative signals that are missing," says Mr Gorman.

On Wednesday afternoon, convicted child molester Brian Devlis publicly responded to the anger of the community after he was registered as a sex offender at the Soledad police station.

At 11 a.m. EDT, the center of Fabian is located at 18.1 degrees north latitude and 53.2 degrees west longitude, about 550 miles east of leeward.

Roddick beat Andre Agassi at 149 mph on Saturday, equalling the world record.

The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 43.64 points, or 2.89%, to 1553.73.

Heating oil prices fell 0.41 cents in October to 70.74 cents a gallon.

Ms. Cohen Aaron's lawyer, Donald Levin, confirmed that she had tried to sell the story in February.

John bankhead, a gbi spokesman, said the murder scene showed that the murderer was very orderly.

"I think it brings us closer to saying that a foam will cause this kind of damage," Habbard said.

Sandwall said: "Microsoft has absolutely nothing to do with the internal personnel decision of atstake.".

Egyptologists believe that they may have confirmed the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the legendary beauties in the ancient world, that people have long sought.

The Ministry of Finance said it hoped that all the retail buyers of treasury bonds would eventually be able to manage their holdings online in one account.

The victim, a resident of New Jersey, is in critical but stable condition in the hospital.

At 11:00 a.m., the 10-year note us10yt=rr rose 11/32, and its yield rose to 3.36% from 3.40% on Wednesday.

In the NASDAQ stock market, the share price of interactive corp closed at 34.19 US dollars, down 2.81 US dollars, or 7.6%.

"But I do question the motives of a president sitting at his desk, who dressed up as a soldier to speak."

Hundreds of Kenyan women who claimed to have been attacked and raped by British soldiers received government legal aid Wednesday to prosecute the Ministry of Defense.

On the NASDAQ stock market yesterday, the shares of lengdingtree rose $6.03, or 41%, to close at $20.72.

Two years ago, the House of Representatives passed a similar version, which was in trouble in the Senate.

The company said that this had an impact on earnings per share of one cent.

Missouri health officials said he was not hospitalized and was recovering.

u. US equities fell early Wednesday as a wave of earnings warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven the stock market up in the past three months.

The technology focused Nasdaq composite index rose 6 points, or 0.30%, to close at 2053, offsetting earlier losses.

The official said that they included two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, while the rest were Iraqis and Saudis.

In 1947, when his grandmother, then Princess Elizabeth, was 21, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and dance.

Sorkin should have been tried separately for conspiracy and lying to the grand jury.

Shortly before 3 p.m., the man entered the post office on Woodside Avenue, Maine Avenue.

In addition, the Ministry of Justice said that the FBI had conducted "less than 10" investigations involving mosque visits.

Outside the court, Sriyanto denied that he had done anything wrong.

"Our basic values have not changed," Mary Sue Coleman, the principal of the school, said in a statement by Ann Arbor.

The stock rose 48 cents to $30 in Nasdaq trading yesterday.

Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Scalia also joined him.

Charles Weiserberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley, said: "When you cross the border, you violate constitutional rights.".

Law enforcement sources said that the two men, who held Pakistani passports, were reportedly found together at the airport in the early evening.

As of wednesday, there may be 65 sars cases in toronto.

Technology stocks led the Nasdaq Composite Index to rise 13.73 points, or 0.81%, to 1700.34.

Tol last week offered to buy the company at NZ $75c per share, or NZ $158 million.

Messagelabs runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700000 customers worldwide. the company has labeled worms as "high-risk" and reported more than 31000 infections in 120 countries.

Service officials said Carlson refused to avoid the case.

Oracle, based in Redwood Coast, rose 14 cents to $13.62.

According to the reports of all constituencies, Fletcher received 88747 votes, accounting for 57% of the total votes.

This happened after seven medical staff in a public hospital became ill with flu like symptoms.

Earlier on Thursday, Coca Cola Co. (KO) reported that its quarterly profit increased, boosted by European demand.

The unemployment rate is expected to rise by one percentage point to 6.1%.

Dave Delaney agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for a plea of guilty.

But other people familiar with the matter said vivendi was opening the door to further offers in the next day or two.

Meguiar's data also marked the dram manufacturer's first quarterly profit in three years.

Perry said he supported the efforts of the Senate, including fines, to force Democrats to return.

The Nasdaq composite index rose 19.11 points, or 1.2%, to 1615.02.

Three U.S. government agencies announced Friday that more than 130 people were arrested and $17 million worth of property was confiscated in an online fraud.

Martin Ch  vez, mayor of Albuquerque, said that investigators believed that by arresting, they "at least solved a fire"

On Friday, a Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison for hijacking a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April with two fake grenades.

Jim Williams, the director of the US visit project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will fingerprint and take photos of many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.

The hearing came a day after the Pentagon first accused an official of failing to resolve the scandal.

In Nairobi, peter karanja, dean of all Saints' Cathedrals, said that the American Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Church.

The population of Julian, Posey and Madison counties will decline.

Swartz tried to drop the charges, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.

They received more tests over the weekend and are now under guardianship at Raffles Hospital.

At the Spanish House, customers were having dinner and playing bingo when the bomb exploded.

Plovsky said that since the statute of limitations has expired, the expert panel will not start a formal investigation.

Allegations of espionage and assisting the enemy can be punishable by death.

It may be dying out, because deep-rooted interest groups are controlling the bottleneck of the Internet, and they are lobbying fcc to help and abet them. "

However, church members and observers said that they expected that the decision might bring doctrinal problems to some bishops who believed that homosexuality was prohibited in the Bible.

Steve Squires is a scientist at Cornell University and the chief researcher of scientific instruments for the mission.

The military said that so far, they had killed 16 rebels and captured 9 people in the campaign, including one soldier who was killed and six wounded.

The share of the express script esrx. O In early trading on Nasdaq, it fell about 4% to US $66.73.

Shervin Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet Toby Studabak, 31.

Although the federal prosecutor refused to discuss the investigation, lawyers and other insiders said that the investigation was still focused on Campbell.

The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 86.56 points, or 0.94%, to 9109.99, after falling more than 1%.

But neither he nor the rule of peace can stop the funny killing.

Boeing spokesman Bob Sarin said that the Korean aviation agreement is expected to be finalized "in the next few weeks".

Eds shares closed at $18.51 on the new york stock exchange on thursday, up 6 cents.

The Supreme Court said on Monday that the government could require public libraries to equip computers with anti pornography filters, dismissing librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.

The vulnerability lies in the way Microsoft's visual basic for application checks the document attributes passed to it when opening the document.

Out of 24 million telephone votes, Studdard was only 130,000 ahead of Aiken.

In order to watch pay TV, consumers will insert the security card provided by cable TV service into the TV.

However, we decided to choose the engine of the European consortium as the best overall solution. "

The US Food and Drug Administration rejected the original application of imclone in December 2001, saying that the test was carried out hastily.

The chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, James Sensenbrenner, said he was sensitive to civil liberties complaints.

On Wednesday, the Dodge team defeated Colorado 3-2 in front of 25332 people at the Dodge Stadium, and won the sixth consecutive victory and the seventh place in the last nine games.

So far, authorities have also searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana and Michigan.

After hitting a new historical low of 4.16%, the 30-year bond<us30yt=rr>stood firm 24/32 and its yield rose to 4.18%.

Lai refused to hand over the documents, claiming that his Fifth Amendment had the right to object to self incrimination.

In a press release on Thursday, Streghorn said that this was the first time that the Controller had rejected the budget.

Analysts in Thomson Financial's first telephone survey predicted that going concern would result in a loss of about 11 cents per share.

An anti-virus supplier said on Monday that a new worm virus was spreading rapidly on the Internet, sometimes posing as an email from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates.

He said police had confirmed the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who carried out five nearly simultaneous raids Friday night.

In addition, the ntsb also recommended that nhtsa enact state legislation to prohibit people with study permits and intermediate permits from using mobile phones while driving.

The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admission policy on Thursday, after its admission request was rejected by the United States Supreme Court in June.

An audio tape broadcast by Al Jazeera last week may be the strongest evidence that Saddam Hussein survived the war.

But company officials expect the cost of replacing the job to reach millions of dollars.

Today, Dean ended his four day "sleepless summer" trip to 10 cities in Chicago and New York.

Cavender did say, "I think if I disagree with Rossi too much, I will lose my job."

The european commission, the powerful executive body of the european union, called the move "legally groundless, economically groundless and politically unhelpful"

Cindy crabps prawak, director of the medical service office, left after the department launched the plan to distribute cannabis through the doctor's office.

Morgenthau said that from 2001 to 2002, 4 of the 40 accounts opened in Fenghuoshan had wire transfers totaling more than 3.2 billion dollars.

He participated in the Democratic nomination for governor of Texas last year, but lost the primary to billionaire Tony Sanchez.

Wal Mart has informed its top 100 suppliers that they need to install RFID systems by January 25, 2005 to track pallets throughout the supply chain.

Harvey was sent to St. Luke's Hospital for a preventive neck x-ray, which was negative.

Under the Act, women who had abortions could not be prosecuted.

The Democratic Party controls Parliament and the Republican Party controls the Senate.

Schwarzenegger said after a meeting: "I came to Washington basically to establish relations and ensure that we get more federal funds.".

Despite the problems in the employment market, the latest situation in the labor market is slightly better than economists' expectations.

Sant Jawaon Marad, 27, was charged with murder and falsification of evidence.

Linda Sanders and Bobby McCram, former helpers of Philipps, both admitted federal charges, including extortion.

Vivendi shares rose 0.3% to 15.62 euros at 0841 Paris time.

The company said publicly that linux was one of its biggest competitive threats.

Bat also said that antonio montero de castro, director of latin america and the caribbean, would become chief operating officer on january 1, 2004.

The report adds that "rotation" and manipulative public relations are "not the answer", but neither can avoid debate.

The latest revelry related shooting incident occurred on November 11 at Hamilton Primary School in Obetes, about two miles from the highway.

As widely expected, the Central Bank's Policy Committee has kept interest rates stable, but to the surprise of the market, the Central Bank announced that the overall risk was weakening.

Trouble broke out when at least four North Korean journalists came from Dagu Media Center to confront a dozen activists protesting against North Korea's human rights violations.

In 2001, salsa underwent cancer surgery and had a kidney removed.

But Tass News Agency said that four of his bodyguards were killed by bombs.

The Commission estimates that California lost $937 million in 2001 due to corporate tax avoidance.

u. US officials did not say whether US troops acting on intelligence had crossed into Syrian territory, and were vague about the way in which the Syrian Guard participated.

The battle over Verisign's three week website search service continues.

Dreus was held incommunicado in the same prison last night.

Their leader, Abu Bakar Azdi, surrendered in June; His deputy was recently killed in a gun battle with Saudi troops.

King County High Court Judge Charles Mertel will adjourn until Monday.

Early supporters of google in the us included stanford university, a california based university, kleiner perkins and sequoia capital.

The gathering overshadowed the celebration of the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to the motherland on July 1, 1997.

Palm said on Wednesday that it plans to acquire handspring, a company founded by Jeff Hawkins, the co-founder of the traitor Palm.

After a series of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, the Government recently shelved peace talks brokered by neighbouring Malaysia.

That figure was up from the same period last year, when the company's revenue was $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share.

Along with Boston, Watertown, Soggs and Framingham, it will also be smoke-free on Monday.

Yesterday, Israeli soldiers began to dismantle settlement posts in the West Bank, which is Israel's obligation under the new Middle East peace plan.

The trade union said it would later announce which chain it would target.

Howard davidowitz, chairman of david owitz&associates, a national retail consulting firm in new york, said: "she damaged the goods.".

New products on the desktop include the latest version of pylon jacket and pylon pro.

Ankara said that all four suicide bombers were Turks.

Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents per share for the quarter.

Thousands of revelers celebrated the decision, vowing to fight for more legal rights, including same-sex marriage.

Countries like Israel and Australia already have such status.

The results will be published Wednesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association.

The bracket of the h2200 has room to charge the second battery.

A man waved an English dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".

He said that close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence agencies is the core of the fight against terrorism.

In 2006, the Asia Pacific region will grow by 7.9% to reach US $81.8 billion.

Captain Robert Ramsey of the First Armored Division of the United States said that at about 11 a.m., a truck exploded outside the building.

Later this year, the command will send trainers and soldiers from four North African countries to carry out patrols and intelligence gathering missions.

This is unacceptable, "said Patrick Pelus, president of the French Association of Emergency Physicians.

"What happened to you, sir, must be more than enough as a punishment," said Cowello.

The mother also argued that she was sexually assaulted by a guard during the confrontation in 1998.

Amd and fujitsu provide span flash memory solutions worldwide.

Domestic sales of general motors and ford motor co. were lower than expected because the sales boom at the end of the summer triggered a larger than expected rebound in the industry.

On Sunday, a tropical storm developed rapidly in the Gulf of Mexico. When it landed somewhere along the Louisiana coast on Monday night, there may be hurricane strength winds.

With the national coverage of the final round of espn program and more difficult wording, the pressure will intensify today.

Richard Kessel, chairman of Lipa, said that this meant that the cable could be used "when we think it is appropriate".

Danes has worked in at&t bell laboratory for 22 years, engaged in the research of superconductors and other materials, and has been working at the university of california, san diego since 1991.

Meningitis is a fluid infection around the human spinal cord and brain.

When the first explosion occurred, the missing workers, two men and one woman, were inside the building, Mayor Joe Tepac said.

"We condemn the raid, which we believe is illegal and morally and politically unreasonable," alisafavi, an official of ncri in london, told reuters by telephone.

The letter sent to Prodi exploded in his hands, but he was not injured.

According to the Associated Press, the lawyer representing Halaby, Air Force Major James Key III, denied the charges.

In seeking leniency, Waksar apologized to the court, his employees and his family.

He said that since the beginning of May, the city has received 1400 reports.

Forest, a freedom organization enjoying the right to smoke, said it was "pleased and suspicious" of the Lancet's appeal.

This investment enables Patek Philippe, headquartered in California, to own more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, accounting for 17.5% of the company's outstanding shares.

Opec will press independent exporters this week to support opec's next supply cut to prevent iraq from resuming exports, thereby depressing oil prices.

The federal trade commission yesterday asked congress to give broader powers to combat the rapidly growing problem of spam, which accounts for half of all e-mail traffic, according to new research.

Federal officials said the document was sealed until Thursday morning to allow the authorities to make arrests in the five western states.

"What is happening here is that people who have been opposing this action are trying to find new reasons why this is not the right approach."

Richard Miller, 57, survived a life-saving liver transplant but is still hospitalized.

A spokesman for the Shanghai Cooperation Organization could not be reached for comment this afternoon.

The proportion of Americans with employer insurance fell to 61.3% from 62.6% in 2001 and 63.6% in 2000.

Leighton Hewitt, the world's second ranked professional, accused his peers of long-term malice, including trying to cheat him to refuse drug testing last year.

According to Microsoft, the MSN Messenger 6 software will be available at 11:00 a.m. EDT on Wednesday.

"I admit that I acted improperly," he said.

The company added that it had "fully cooperated" with the police since November.

Australian researchers believe they have found the trigger for type 1 diabetes in children, that is, mothers eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.

Technology stocks led the Nasdaq Composite Index down 2 points, or 0.18%, to 1649.

According to the new US guidelines released on Wednesday, those who once thought their blood pressure was good actually need to start exercising and eat better.

Amazon and the New York Attorney General's Office have reached a settlement with one of the suspected e-mail forgers.

Marissa jaret winokur, who plays Tracy, won the Best Actress Award in a musical.

Mr. Burke said: "Considering the situation at that time, this is a textbook landing."

Loyal shares closed at $23.40 on the Nasdaq on Wednesday, up 64 cents.

By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.

Fox entertainment group inc., the US media and entertainment unit of News Corporation, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in comprehensive trading on the New York Stock Exchange.

Bremer said that he would launch a 70 million dollar plan in the next two weeks to clean up communities across Iraq and build community projects, but did not disclose details.

The NASDAQ index rose 17.27 points, or 1.2%, to 1520.15 on the weekly basis, and rose 30.46 points yesterday.

The British Foreign Office said it had mediated their release.

138 million shoppers visit Wal Mart's 4750 stores every week.

"Maybe, but old age helps us understand our own strength and the reality of the world.

"I marched in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War," she said.

In early trading on Nasdaq, corixa rose 74 cents, or 10%, to $7.94.

The FBI, the CIA, the Canadian Security Intelligence Agency and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.

Steven Wallace, a member of the Board of Directors, said: "This is a long-standing problem, which has not been solved either mechanically or physically.".

She also promised to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans will not be secretive, we must see this disaster in the past."

He added: "There is no doubt about chemical, biological and nuclear weapons programs.

Rich said that actual explosives or other harmful substances will not be used.

"This is America, my friend, and this should not happen here."

He climbed a narrow, winding canyon, climbed down a 60 foot cliff, and walked about six miles along the canyon near Canyon National Park in southeastern Utah.

Amnesty International says it has collected information about 17000 Iraqi missing persons in the past 20 years.

Texas Securities rose $1.37 to $19.25, Novellus Systems rose $1.76 to $36.31, and Lehman raised it to "overweight".

She took a very unusual step by skipping the Cabinet and participating in meetings with the Presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.

In the mixture of ancient Melanesian pagans and modern Christian rituals, people once again tried to erase the misfortune that they thought had made them poor since that meal long ago.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 7.75 points, or 0.08%, to 9175.47.

The prairie dogs commonly found in the southwest and western states are not native to Wisconsin.

Reloading is the second part of the trilogy; Matrix Revolution is scheduled to premiere in November.

In addition, the Ministry of Justice said that "fewer than 10" FBI offices had conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques.

This news was also released at the same time as the annual javaone developer conference held by the Suns in San Francisco.

According to the time the former servant spent with Diana, Princess of Wales, the royal family members are preparing to receive more information about the royal duties.

Just a few days ago, the Israeli army shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the leader of the armed group in Hebron.

The virus killed 44 people in Toronto, including a doctor and two nurses.

apple computer said on monday that its song sales have exceeded the expectations of the record industry since it launched its online music store a week ago.

He was arrested twice before for trespassing and was forbidden to enter the buildings.

Oracle chairman larry ellison suggested that the company might again raise its offer to rival peoplesoft.

Mario Almeida of the Portuguese Meteorological Bureau said that the heat wave was caused by a large amount of dry hot air from the southeast.

In a letter to the Pentagon on Monday, Wedden and Dogan said: "It is wasteful and disgusting to spend taxpayers' money to create a terrorist gambling hall.".

But steven milunovich, an analyst at merrill lynch, said that the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" of the regulators might cause setbacks to static control, depending on how the company develops its competitive products.

The arms were placed in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching the arms and their movements on a video screen.

His protest led to a 47 hour standoff with the police, creating huge traffic jams in central Washington and northern Virginia.

The broader S&P 500 index rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.

u. Ann veneman, the us secretary of agriculture, began a three-day ministerial conference and exposition on agricultural science and technology on monday.

In the West, the fighting continues sporadically. As both sides have experienced Liberians, the fighting has become more complex.

This is the annual Christmas bird statistics of the National Audubon Association, which is now the 104th season.

The organizer set up a website, http://defacerschallenge  Com, in broken English, lists the rules of hackers who may participate.

Their belief is based on the assumption that estrogen can prevent cell damage and improve blood flow.

The frequency of shortness is twice that of hearing loss patients.

Cisco executives were encouraged by the $1.3 billion increase in cash flow and net income, but said they remained "cautiously optimistic" about the rebound.

I will not consider resigning, "Schumeike said in a statement.

A poll released this week shows that the FBI's wiretapping of the mayor has promoted his re-election efforts.

John Peter Smith's injured passenger died later that day; Jones said his name had not yet been released.

Caesarean section was originally planned to take place in mid November, two weeks ahead of schedule.

When unguarded computer users open file attachments in emails with familiar titles such as "thank you", the virus will spread and "reply: details".

The broader S&P 500 index rose 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.

The founding members of celf include hitachi, panasonic, nec, philips, samsung, sharp, sony and toshiba.

"This is not zero," said David Ropic, director of risk communication at the Harvard Risk Analysis Center.

On the other hand, she occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with her ex boyfriend, "Baywatch" handsome Michael Beckin.

If draining the Maryland pond helps establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it. "

He said that he also hoped to get the support of other agricultural state legislators.

Earlier on Saturday, seven male students, aged 20 and 21, and two female students, aged 16 and 18, were arrested in their off campus hotel rooms.

The matter can then be referred to the United Nations Security Council.

He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river began to recede.

According to the website of Saint Sofia Camp, the camp holds religious retreats for children in summer and other activities throughout the year.

Traders said that if the euro fell below $1.15, the decline of the euro might accelerate.

After the news, gemstar shares rose, and the NASDAQ index rose 2.6% to close at 5.49 dollars.

In addition to the chip manufacturer Intel, these companies also include Sony, Microsoft, HP, IBM, Gateway, Nokia, etc.

As a manifestation of corporate solidarity, Ralph's owners, Kroger and Albertson, locked their workers out the next morning.

Although the social and economic conditions of the Hispanic population were not as good as those of the 1990s, they were 9.8 per cent higher than the April 2000 census.

The stock rose nearly 7% in pre opening trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 79.43 points, or 0.86%, to 9117.12 on Friday.

In a statement, McKee said: "Mr. Bryant is innocent and is expected to be completely acquitted.".

The Standard&Poor's 500 Index rose 15.66 points to 1046.79, its best gain since rising 22.25 points on October 1.

charles cullen, 43, was transferred from Somerset County Prison in Somerville to Anne Klein Forensic Medical Center in Trenton, a 150 bed psychiatric treatment facility.

Stardust is designed to collect thousands of dust particles from Wildlife 2.

The long-awaited report of the Hong Kong government on the SARS epidemic has been released.

Bluecore 3 also implements the esco function of v1.2, which provides the basis for advanced cordless telephone applications of bluetooth transmission.

This was the largest drop since August 1993, due to the decline in the prices of cars, trucks, men's clothing and boys' clothing, as well as cigarettes.

Yesterday, international rescue workers were desperately searching for survivors and cemeteries in the ruins of the ancient city of Bam on the Iranian Silk Road.

Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.

The Conference Committee said that the consumer confidence index in June was 83.5, slightly lower than the revised 83.6 in May.

"I have noticed a change of mood in their priorities," said an Iraqi politician after meeting with Bremer.

Ms. McCartney, a former model, lost a leg in a car accident in 1993. It is understood that her hip is equipped with steel plates, which will make natural childbirth difficult.

The network will launch a version of its news magazine franchise, dateline.

Vice President Dick Cheney said that Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be an excellent governor because of his government and business acumen.

Emile laroza, 51, was infected with sars when she was a nurse in the north york general hospital, the center of the second sars outbreak.

Redman has run 2 points or less in 6 of his 9 starts.

The sale left about 45 million aol shares to mr turner.

He also recruited others to receive the goods he ordered that were obtained fraudulently.

The Mets beat Florida outfielder Rastings Milic in 12th place.

66% of respondents support Kerry; Dean, 57%.

The Nasdaq Composite Index, a component of technology stocks, fell 8 points, or 0.45%, to 1645.

Twenty four players broke the par in the first round, which is the third highest number in the history of the United States Open.

Kroger's ralphs chain and albertson immediately turned away their grocery store employees as a sign of solidarity.

After falling to 37.78 yesterday, the Nasdaq Composite Index fell 2.95 points, or 0.2%, to 1912.36 this week.

Ibm shares closed at $84.50 on the new york stock exchange, up $1.75, or 2.11%.

The bill is the first of 13 bills that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.

Espn reported that Knight's two-year contract was worth 2.38 million dollars, including a signing bonus of 300000 dollars.

The dollar was up 0.1% against the yen at 117.85 yen.

This technique is used in the second trimester and occasionally in the third trimester.

The fund also funded beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.

He said the attackers left leaflets urging employees of Sheraton Ishta Hotel to stop working in the hotel.

With the diplomatic warming up of the crisis in the past 10 months, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flew to Japan on Sunday on his way to South Korea on August 13.

The Federal Reserve also said that the risks facing the economy were biased towards weakness.

McGreevey said that the damaged area of the garage is unstable and "there is a real possibility of secondary collapse".

HP ranked second, with server sales up 0.4% to $2.9 billion.

"We are very vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's Public Safety Commissioner.

The researchers gave a copy of "Dr. Atkins's new dietary revolution" to carbohydrate dieters.

Mark Gann, the 27 year old rapper's civil affairs lawyer, did not return a call for comment.

The news that general motors gm. n will issue $10 billion in debt, partly to fill the loopholes in its pension plan, is also heartbreaking.

His lawyer, a cousin Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not reply to telephone messages.

As a key measure of demand, license sales fell 21% to $107.6 million.

A report released by the United States Census Bureau shows that Hispanics have officially surpassed African Americans as the largest ethnic minority group in the United States.

"He didn't have much choice," said Peter Blaine, Bishop of Amidal.

The company said it will employ 1000 people when the factory is completed.

The Philadelphia Stock Exchange Semiconductor Index rose 6.10%.

I really like him, and I still do.

During the 12 months ended June 30, the number of high-speed lines installed by households and enterprises increased by 45%.

Kent King, Missouri's education commissioner, said he was disappointed with the results.

When Larkin's address was raided, the authorities found more than 1000 credit cards and photocopiers.

Home Depot reported a 22% profit increase in the third quarter, while same store sales increased by nearly 8%.

Sco was renamed Tarantala, and caldera was later renamed sco group.

According to the testimony, the police threw him to the ground and handcuffed him.

Altria Group fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.

"Officials are trying to retrieve the body from the water," police official j.d.tambe told Reuters.

According to the data of NPD, the number of households receiving music declined from 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June.

"This case is practically and legally worthless," Judge Danny Chin scoffed.

The maximum sustained wind speed is about 40 mph, with stronger gusts.

The world's first portal bedpan will be launched at the British summer festival.

A study by Australian researchers found that drinking green tea can significantly reduce men's risk of prostate cancer.

Late Thursday, eastern Cuba may issue surveillance or warnings.

Sunnis account for 77% of Pakistan's population and Shiites account for 20%.

The Communication Workers' Union, which represents more than 2300 Comcast employees, said that when an ordinary union employee's annual income was about 27000 dollars, the executive's salary was too high.

In the first half of this year, it generated profits of $4.47 billion and revenue of $20 billion, accounting for 53% of Citigroup's total revenue.

Galloway, New Jersey>>Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wei attracted the audience, but Angela Stamford won the first victory of lpga.

British Airways plans to retire seven Concorde aircraft by the end of October.

Academic performance - including grades, examination results and high school curricula - is considered the highest priority.

Security analysts said that the new version w32/sobig. C-mm has reached a "high level" of explosive state on Monday afternoon.

Another man, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also disappeared.

The Nasdaq Composite Index, led by technology stocks, fell 16.68 points, or 1.01%, to 1636.94.

On the other hand, aftra approved the merger with a support rate of up to 75%.

On Monday morning, the RMB weakened briefly, but rebounded to 55.25/29, little change compared with Friday.

Although other parts of Africa have been used as a staging area for Al Qaida, Malawi has not been the main focus of the organization's investigation.

On Sunday, an American soldier exploded at an ammunition yard guarded in southern Iraq, killing one soldier and wounding another.

James told espn: "I'm very happy to go to Cleveland.". Common domain name format.

According to law enforcement officials, these people decrypted the password on the server.

Excluding patent litigation, rim posted a quarterly loss of $700000, or 1 per cent per share.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 2.09% and the Standard&Poor's 500 Index rose 2.23%.

The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the court and prison system, and protect key institutions such as the Ministry of Finance.

"Our results are very encouraging," said Ken Alibeck, a researcher at George Mason.

Rapper c has been sentenced to second degree murder in the murder case, which will automatically be sentenced to life imprisonment, shooting and killing a 16-year-old boy in the nightclub of jefferson parish.

Wells' other series include nbc's er and third watch

Daniel Bogden, an American lawyer, said yesterday that 34 of them had been arrested and others were being pursued.

Lance Armstrong, the five time Tour de France champion, is in Denver today for a conference on cancer survival.

Hope is survived by his wife; Son Anthony and Kelly; Daughters Linda and Nora Summers; There are also four grandchildren.

Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets last night to disperse the march and rally held in the city center by activists protesting the annual police intelligence training seminar.

The department ordered that the premium of state farm lloyds, the largest insurance company in the state, be cut by 12%, and that of all state texas lloyds, the third largest insurance company, be cut by 18.2%.

Colgate shares fell 30 cents to $56 in early trading on the New York Stock Exchange.

There were several shots on Wednesday night, but no crocodiles were killed.

Technology stocks led the Nasdaq Composite Index up 7.42 points, or 0.45%, to 1653.44.

Republicans promised to complete a Medicare drug plan by August, and then extend it to October 17.

Arizona based ism reported on monday that its non manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in march.

Next Wednesday, Bush will meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Akaba, Jordan.

It is believed that this privately held Google is profitable.

It is safe to assume that the Senate is prepared to pass some form of upper limit... The level remains to be discussed.

When asked if he regretted the attack on the 12th, his answer was firm "no".

Rambus inc. (NASDAQ: rmbs news people) soared 38%, becoming the company with the largest increase in NASDAQ.

Emily Church is the president of the London branch of CBS Market Watch. Common domain name format.

"If you pass this bill," d-waco representative John Mabry Jr. told colleagues, "Big Brother will look at you."

Douglas robinson, senior vice president of california finance, will fill the position during the transition period.

Following California, several state and federal governments have passed similar or more severe bans.

However, he pointed out that miami must decide whether to seek acc membership before june 30 in order to comply with the guidelines of greater east.

"Hulk" lagged behind last month's Marvel Comics adaptation "x2: x War Police Alliance", which grossed $85.6 million at the weekend of its debut.

Echostar shares fell $1.40, or 4.4%, to $30.63 on Monday.

To force Davis to recall the election, the valid signatures of 897158 registered California voters must be given to the election officer.

Further, the benchmark 10-year note us10yt=rr fell 18/32 in price and its yield rose to 3.24% from 3.17%.

The mdc called for a week-long protest and urged mugabe to resign or negotiate a solution to the crisis afflicting the country.

The McLean, Va. - based company said newspaper revenue rose 5 percent to $1.46 billion.

Npd said that compared with January 2000, the sales of laptops at that time were less than 25%.

The other semi-final between Argentina's Guillermo Correa and the Netherlands' Martin Wilcock was equally remarkable.

Mr. Powell told a group of people in a cemetery that there were thousands of tombstones in the cemetery, many of which were family graves.

However, she insisted on waiting until after her death.

Both studies were published Thursday in the British journal Science Week Nature.

The same survey found that, considering inflation, the median household income increased by $51 to $43057.

Bush said that the leaders of the United States and the European Union agreed on the need to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons at the annual summit in Washington.

He moved to Syria, where he received further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.

On Wednesday, the participants will vote to pass a resolution expressing the views of the Southern Baptist Church on the issue, but not binding on individual churches.

However, due to the poor performance of students from different subgroups such as race, the state was included in the list of needs for improvement under the Federal No Child Left Behind Act.

Last month, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced on Wednesday that the  600 Cancun Altar had been withdrawn.

They will not elect a Democrat who has sounded the horn of uncertainty during these dangerous times as President. "

The report also said that as many as 9.3 million tourists will visit hot spots this year, compared with 2.5 million in 2002.

The doctors concluded that the cancer drug erbitux, which involved the imclone system in the insider trading scandal, had the same effect as the previous study sponsored by the company.

Mr. Levin said that she had been offered $400000 to tell her story to an Australian television station.

Perry has since convened two special legislative sessions to try to force the adoption of the plan to re divide the region.

Trish york, a boeing spokesman, declined to comment on the deal.

The lawsuit accuses Democrats, Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, and voter registrars in Los Angeles, Orange, and San Diego counties.

Negotiators said Friday that the latest round of free trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries held in Houston this week has made progress.

One banker said: "It is very difficult to make large syndicated loans in Japan.".

On Monday, the case centered on a telemarketing assistant for a fundraiser in Illinois.

"I urge Congress to resolve any differences quickly and send the final bill to me as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law," he said.

Pingen said a lawyer from his organization, the Massachusetts Department of Correctional and Legal Services, interviewed Assange on Tuesday.

Yi grew up in the United States and graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point.

James rohr, chairman and chief executive, said pnc regretted the incident.

In the 2002 election, Mr. Swan's team supported Bill Curry, the governor's Democratic opponent.

The two invading countries later fell out and supported rival factions.

At the same time, the Direct Marketing Association said that its members should not call nearly 51 million numbers on the list.

Hollywood and the world are preparing to celebrate the 100th birthday of legendary actor Bob Hope on Thursday.

The number of gainers on the New York Stock Exchange was nearly 8 to 3 higher than that of losers, while the number of losers on the Nasdaq was 11 to 5.

Regan is a floating airport with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres. It is the ninth Nimitz class aircraft carrier built by Newport News Shipyard.

"I am very proud of the citizens of this state," Governor John Baldach said after counting the votes in Tuesday's referendum.

He said that a woman was in good condition on the campus of the Memorial Health Park.

The victim, whose identity was unknown, was taken to King County Hospital, where he was declared dead.

Symptoms include stiff neck, fever, headache, and sensitivity to light.

"We have become completely strangers," John told a friend two days before his death.

David began to study in Northwestern College affiliated to the God Assembly in 1999 and planned to become a priest.

The broader S&P 500 index fell 11.91 points, or 1.19%, to 986.60.

State Radio said this was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.

"Whether today or tomorrow, your withdrawal from our country is inevitable," added the voice, which finally set the date as "mid September"

The Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives, Johnny Byrd, is expected to propose the "Terry Bill" at the one-day special session of the state legislature in Tallahassee today.

Other enterprises also voluntarily issue warnings on their electronic signs and billboards.

The rise of the euro against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar against the yen rise to 117.25 yen, much higher than the 10 month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.

Mikhail khodorkovsky, chief executive of yukos, russia's richest man and oil giant, was arrested over the weekend on suspicion of fraud and tax evasion, which upset financial markets.

This is an increase from the previous forecast of $22.5 million and 5 cents per share.

Hernandez complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and sued.

The committee will propose a plan to replace the financial system of Robin Hood School.

The debt of other countries was at least $80 billion ($108.52 billion).

According to the law, a telemarketer who dials a listed number can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.

He explained that in 2001, when he was a post doctoral research assistant at the University of Bristol in the United Kingdom, he had a brainstorm and discovered antonitrus.

Air Canada is the 11th largest airline in the world and has been protected by the court of creditors since April 1.

Gonzalez was sentenced to excessive use of force for spraying Orville with pepper spray.

Many corpses of the dead were dragged out from under partially derailed trains and placed on the tracks waiting to be identified.

Ghana said that Mohamed Mohamed Muhsen Zubaidi, who claimed to be the mayor of Baghdad, was released after being detained for 48 hours at the end of April.

"Enron executives were involved in widespread fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results," Bull said.

The retail price of sms2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1219.

The 2001 aboriginal survey released by Statistics Canada on Wednesday shows that the living standard has improved, but the living standard of Inuit and those who leave the often poor protected areas is still lagging behind.

She said that the recent turnaround in the stock market and the decrease in the number of jobless claims "may indicate that the future economic situation will be more favorable".

The S&P 500 index rose 120 points, or 14%, at the end of the quarter, the best performance of the broad market benchmark since 1998.

"However, at any stage, Ona has not received any intelligence materials indicating that Jamah Islamiya plans to carry out operations in Bali."

However, Saudi Interior Minister Prince Nayev denied these reports.

Andy bryant, chief financial officer, said the impact of the rate hike was greater than the official expectation.

Although judges can reduce the sentence to life imprisonment without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely seize this opportunity.

A spokesman for Strong Memorial Hospital said that Dude was being evaluated in the emergency room on Tuesday evening.

Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of ill treatment and theft.

After Herges' microphone was unplugged for the second time, Pribino told him to end his speech.

During the full year ended 30 June 2003, high-speed rail grew by 45 per cent.

Missouri kicked Rich Clemens out of the team, ending his troubled career there.

US officials said the flag was stripped from the tower by the downward "rotor scour" generated by hovering helicopters.

The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as the country's fourth largest diocese leader.

u. The US Congressional Police evacuated the Senate building yesterday after a sensor detected possible biological hazards in the building, but the authorities later said it was a false alarm.

His spokesman Jim Kennedy said that the former president also made more than 70 speeches in 2002, but he did not get any compensation.

In June, S&P 500 index futures fell 2.60 points to close at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures fell 7.50 points to 1183.50.

In order to compete with Microsoft, Sun has positioned the mad hatch project as a cheaper and safer alternative desktop operating system for Microsoft's various desktop products.

A key figure in the corruption case of Paul Silvestre, former state finance minister, testified on Tuesday about the kickbacks and bribes Silvestre provided for the country's commercial transactions.

"The mission of cappsii has always been and always will be aviation safety," they said.

Defense lawyer John Spelanza said that Huo Wan "didn't wake up that day" and intended to hurt anyone.

In a letter to the Republican President, Daschle of South Dakota wrote, "We do not think it is necessary to conduct a divisive confirmation war.".

The survey found that another 152054 people were from ntt/verio, an ip service company, and 129378 people were from infospace.

In cnn's latest campaign to revive ratings, the station has fired teyaryan, the general manager of american programs.

The 32 year old Samudra is suspected to be a key figure of the terrorist organization Jemaah Islamiyah, which is associated with Al Qaida and is accused of carrying out the bombing.

"We are still a few seconds away from achieving this goal," said Alberta Fire Chief Robert Ortega.

The Marlins only said: "The problem has been solved."

On monday, china said that nine more people died of sars and another 160 were infected with the virus.

McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.

He said that the fda hoped that congress and the courts could clarify the situation and provide some financial relief for consumers&perhaps before the 2004 election.

Ernst&Young spokesman Kenneth Corrigan said the company did not admit any misconduct.

The court was informed that the witness was a 27 year old Kosovo parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World.

Their differences over energy and health insurance became so acute that other members said it was embarrassing for the party.

Later, when he ran away along a long corridor on the Mediterranean Sea, he stabbed two passers-by.

He attributed some communication gaps to the doctors' sense of urgency; The patient feels uncomfortable discussing financial issues.

The state police said that as many as 30 people were believed to have been trapped there at first.

"The Hulk" won $62.6 million at the box office. It is the premiere of a monster film and a new record in June.

Time magazine named the American soldier the Person of the Year in 2003.

According to the indictment, Samudra was not in Bangkok, but participated in a series of meetings before the attack, recruited other bombers and coordinated actions.

Among other things, Microsoft will comment on the proposed remedies in its response.

For Texans, burdened with soaring homeowners' insurance premiums, relief is coming.

Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the primary election on February 3.

Wendy Hall, a spokesman for Halliburton, said: "We believe that kbr will deliver fuel to Iraq at the most cost-effective and favorable price and conditions.".

When Alicia Barty bought a million dollar lottery ticket last week, she lost her wallet. She believed that the lottery ticket had been blown away.

Mediaq's customers include major handset manufacturers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.

On thursday night, the cleveland cavaliers won the lebron james lottery, the nba draft lottery.

Barenas wrote: "Short workers' hearing is worse than expected - three times that of tall workers.".

Neither Olaf nor the Belgian prosecutor has specified whether this system is the center of investigation.

These computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States and South Korea.

In the memorandum, Ballmer reiterated the open source threat to Microsoft.

Standard&Poor's 500 index futures fell 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1206.50.

Talabani told him that Iraqi leaders would "need the assistance and advice of the United Nations to implement the new decision that has been made to form an interim Iraqi government by June".

Stanford (46-15) played South Carolina (44-20) in the opening match of the double elimination match on Friday.

A month ago, in the same poll, Katz led by 46% to 40%.

As of 12:01 p.m. in New York, the Standard&Poor's 500 Index rose 10.89 points, or 1.2%, to close at 931.12.

But they didn't realize this until (of course) it was too late, because they were potential victims.

The lawyer for the plaintiff's schoolboy said that he planned to appeal.

Since hitting a record high near $1.1935 last week and a record high of 140.90 yen in late May, the euro has fallen by as much as 4 cents.

The number of prisoners in Texas is more than three times that in Michigan, and 328 of 16298 infected prisoners are currently being treated.

The Nasdaq composite index rose 19.11 points, or 1.2%, to 1615.02.

With the expose (such as poh) function, all open windows on the desktop will immediately shrink to fit the screen, but they will still be clearly visible.

On the contrary, after the authorities rejected the criminal charges, he left the court as a free person.

Jim Wolfcale, the head of the jury and minister, said, "This case is both mentally challenging and exhausting."

Bush arrived in the United States Tuesday, his first state visit.

The acquisition has been approved by the boards of directors of the two companies and is expected to be completed in the third quarter of this year.

Senate Speaker Jim King said that the Senate may support limiting non economic losses to more than 250000 US dollars proposed by the government.

In the final stage of a two-year investigation into a cocaine and money laundering gang, more than 100 policemen launched a surprise operation in London.

For the three months ended May 25, earnings per share were 59 cents, compared with 15 cents a year earlier.

But at the age of 15, she weighed 117 kg and made a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.

This is a hospital that treats everyone as an adult. If we can do this in the world, we can end terrorism. "

If this is the Sunday night before comdex, it must be time for another Bill Gates keynote speech.

Last week, he was arrested on suspicion of beating a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.

Jodie Singer, a sixth grader from Washington, D.C., was anxiously waiting for her turn.

The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.

Tatar is being held today in Armstrong County Prison without bail.

A few miles to the west is the pyramid of Teotihuakan, where corn may have been domesticated for the first time 4000 years ago.

The original purpose of this free service was to prevent about 80% of telemarketers from making calls.

In a prepared statement earlier Friday, Mirant CEO Massey Fuller said: "We strongly hope to carry out financial restructuring out of court.".

The executives fined included former CEO Paul A. Allen and G. Richard Thomas, as well as former CFO Barry Romer.

Chera Larkins, 32, from Manhattan, was charged with perjury and false documents in three marriage applications.

Boston Scientific said that it has gained 51% of the coated stent market share in Europe.

The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge funds and mutual funds.

The broader S&P 500 index fell 0.04, or 0%, to 971.52.

His partner, Bijan Davish, was charged with submitting false police reports.

Bruce Hawthorne, 53, was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff.

According to the data of Thomson's first call website, analysts forecast sales of 614 million dollars in the second quarter.

Parents received a letter yesterday informing them of possible contamination.

Last week, Grasso resigned because of fierce criticism of his $140 million compensation plan.

The server can run the solaris x86 operating system or the standard linux operating system.

Two rescuers slid down the bank and hit the soft rock riverbed, feeling the tension immediately.

Cadbury schweppes announced that it plans to cut 5500 jobs and 20% of its factories in four years to reduce the cost of the acquisition boom.

Sweeney will give a speech at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association on Saturday evening to outline the election plan.

It looks like an isolated event, said Ariel Dean, a graduate of Washington, D.C.

According to the official, tvt record company requested $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensation.

The compensation includes $24 million in compensation and $52 million in punitive damages against idj.

Two Democrats in the five member fcc held a press conference to influence opinions on Powell and the other two Republicans in the committee.

In May 2002, LCD only accounted for 22% of display sales.

In addition to the decline in sales, Siebel is still arguing with some shareholders about the windfall of management stock options.

Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will play a winner take all game at 6:05 pm on Monday.

Jimenez said that the newly released 32 accusations of money laundering and conspiracy "have hit one of the most important targets in the drug trafficking world".

On Sunday, an American soldier exploded at an ammunition yard guarded in southern Iraq, killing one soldier and wounding another.

"We are not looking for a remedy for Robin Hood," said campaign executive director Michael Ribb.

"I believe I have confidence to do this, but only if I can play the best tennis.".

According to the warrant affidavit, Dotson was arrested on July 21 when he told FBI agents that when Danny tried to shoot, he shot and killed Danny.

As far as the subject of medical research is concerned, dogs are second only to humans, he said.

Pg&e shares rose $1.63, or 8 percent, to $21.03 on the new york stock exchange on friday.

The closer Eric Gagne struck out three of the four batters in the ninth inning, thus obtaining the 17th save.

In September 2002, the United Kingdom put forward the allegations of the Iraq war in a file.

Energy prices fell by 8.6 per cent, the largest drop since July 1986.

The spacecraft is scheduled to be launched from the launch site in the Gobi Desert from next Wednesday to Friday.

Australia was flat, while Singapore fell 0.3% in afternoon trading and South Korea rose 0.2%.

Sergeant Tom Wright said that several suv parked on the streets of residential areas in Monrovia were labeled with "spirit" and other slogans.

There are at least three suspected cases in Illinois and at least 11 in Indiana.

The polyp pill consists of aspirin, a cholesterol lowering statin, three half dose antihypertensive drugs and folic acid.

"What they are doing now is driving around, and people 500 meters away are being killed.

At the hearing, he pleaded not guilty to charges of fraud and misrepresentation in burial services.

How to charge extra premium?

Intel doubled its profits in the second quarter, with its revenue growing by 8% over the same period last year. The chip manufacturing giant's demand for personal computer microprocessors was higher than expected.

Last week, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard. Stephanie's remarks further heightened tensions.

Update packages help to "use a tool to automatically manage server hardware, applications, and operating system patches", which is very vague.

Mauriati thought, "He will be swept away at any time, or he will freeze to death."

The rebels also called for the deployment of a US led peacekeeping force.

The Korean Energy Development Organization said: "The Executive Committee decided to submit the matter to all capitals.".

The benchmark 10-year note recently fell 17/32 to yield 4.067%.

They requested that the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son be unsealed after the information in favor of the defense was leaked to the media.

The trading volume was 439.66 million shares, down from 450.39 million shares in the same period on Wednesday.

Pennsylvania traffic shares closed at 36 cents on Wednesday, up 2 cents or 6.2% from Tuesday's close.

On Tuesday, the committee approved legislation that would change the state acquisition law and help Tauman Center Co., Ltd., headquartered in Bloomfield Mountain, resist a $1 billion acquisition.

However, the powerful cgt and other trade unions still oppose these plans and ask the government to renegotiate reforms with them.

The search coincided with raids on strip clubs in Santiago and Las Vegas.

In addition, the elderly will bear 100% of the drug cost until the total out of pocket payment reaches 3600 dollars.

Thousands of soldiers, most of them from the 3rd Brigade Combat Team of the Division at Fort Benning, Colombia, began to return last week and the flight lasted until Friday.

It is believed that the prairie dog was infected in the pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.

The defence counsel can appeal the decision only after the hearing by the Court of Appeal.

This public hearing is the second panel set up by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under the pressure of Congress.

McCloskey died at home on Sunday afternoon after a year's struggle with bladder cancer.

The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross on Monday to appeal for more blood donors.

Mexico hopes to avoid more violence.

Spain currently holds the Oscar presidency.

Cfe treaty was signed in 1990.

Gorge and Pushtun were executed for trafficking heroin in Sistan Baruchistan province.

Jamal Badoui was sentenced to five years in prison.

Uranium is a radioactive material, which is the main basis for the manufacture of weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.

Fulvioberghella said that the digital worm named sqhell has a high ability of self replication, while the digital worm named sqhell is slowing down the speed of the Italian computer network, making some computers unable to run.

ingo kober said that some countries have stronger intellectual property rights than others.

Russian investigators said the British company was the cover of the CIA.

The Russian Parliament unanimously voted to suspend Russia's participation in the Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe.

Before Russia completely withdrew from Moldova and Georgia, the United States and other NATO members refused to ratify the revised treaty.

If necessary, Russia will not hesitate to increase its military strength on the Russian border.

The center will officially open in 2009.

Police surrounded the slums north of Rio de Janeiro to eliminate violent drug traffickers and seize weapons and drugs.

The second proposal is that regional and international non-proliferation issues should be resolved through dialogue and negotiation.

There was an explosion in Afghanistan, but the police have not yet said who was responsible.

These cyber attacks occurred after Russia launched a military strike against Georgia late last week.

In March 2008, after the Swiss Foreign Minister Michelin Kami Ray went to Tehran to sign the gas agreement, Switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with the Islamic Republic have been criticized in recent months.

In 1990, Russia and NATO members signed the Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe.

The African Union has proposed the establishment of a peacekeeping mission to help the troubled transitional government stabilize the situation in Somalia, especially after the withdrawal of Ethiopian troops.

u. United Nations experts have begun to analyze reports that the Syrian government is hiding nuclear facilities at the attack site.

Methamphetamine is also called methamphetamine.

The international community must cooperate to stop the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.

Although the Government of Pakistan prohibits radical organizations, religious extremism continues in Pakistan.

Antonov delivered a speech the day before a meeting on the Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe.

President Vladimir Putin signed a decree suspending Russia's participation in the Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe.

Myanmar used to be called Myanmar.

Puerto cabezas is located 557 kilometers northeast of Managua, Nicaragua.

Russia's decision to suspend its participation in the cfe is a step in the wrong direction.

These human rights violations include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of children

General Nikolai Urakov is the long-term director of the National Center for Applied Microbiology Science.

Alstom is vying for contracts with Shinkansen of Japan and ice of Germany.

This legislation is the latest effort by Japan to grant more freedom to the strictly controlled army, which is technically called the Self Defense Forces.

Since the 1980s, South Korea has had a bullet train system.

Russia is a member of nsg.

The soviet a-135 missile defense system built around moscow is outdated and inefficient.

The International Atomic Energy Agency has investigated Iran's nuclear activities for four years.

Zhang Yan said that all countries should abide by their non-proliferation obligations to enhance mutual trust and create a good environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy.

Alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed railway between Beijing and Shanghai.

The drug has existed in other forms for many years.

The agreement states that there are no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding Iran's nuclear program and activities.

Beijing police arrested more than 20 people suspected of drug use and trafficking in two bars in the city center.

Russia has approved the revised version, but the United States and other NATO members refused to do so until the Russian government withdrew its troops from the former Soviet Republic of Moldova and Georgia.

Despite different views on the extent of the damage inflicted on rebel groups, violence continues.

Helmand Province is the largest opium producer in the world.

Police said that Mr. Zhong had been on the run.

Two of the Zambians arrested were teenagers.

Mexican President Felipe Calderon has sent 2800 agents and soldiers to Sinaloa to fight drug trafficking.

Russia has suspended its participation in a key European arms control treaty on the deployment of troops in Europe.

The Academy Awards were held in Madrid.

The Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe was established in 1990.

Iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful

China is an important force in promoting world development.

North Korea denies any involvement in Syria's nuclear program.

The Chinese authorities could not be contacted immediately for comments.

Kim said that North Korea will retaliate by attacking important cities such as New York and Washington with nuclear missiles.

The Islamic Republic of Iran has the largest number of executions in the world, second only to China.

At the United Nations General Assembly, the Chinese Government urged the strengthening of global arms control and disarmament.

The treaty was revised in 1999 to reflect changes since the collapse of the Soviet Union.

Both India and Pakistan claim sovereignty over Kashmir.

China will firmly oppose the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.

The failure of the West to provide adequate compensation to Libya will prevent Iran and North Korea from disarming.

Russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004.

The staff composed of 30 experts will conduct research and training on cyber warfare.

Al Shabaab's protest in Jamaica was aimed at the US attack on Iraq.

The Islamic Republic of Iran has the largest number of executions in the world, second only to China.

China has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.

The collapse of order in China will be worse than that in Afghanistan or Yugoslavia.

North Korea boasts of its nuclear ambitions

Tskhinvali is the capital of Georgia.

The United States and its allies accuse Iran of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of its civilian nuclear program.

Abuja Yes

In the armed conflict in southeast Iran, the police seized nearly 5 metric tons (5.5 tons) of opium and morphine.

Iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful

China will firmly oppose the means of delivery of weapons of mass destruction.

North Korea is an isolated country.

Shalem's visit to London was the first visit by the Libyan Foreign Minister since 1969.

It poses a major threat to global security.

Syrian and Russian officials have signed a cooperation agreement to combat drug trafficking.

Russia imprisons those who have no evidence of illegal activities.

Brugil said that because of the source of funds, it is becoming increasingly difficult to curb extremist organizations, especially in Europe as a whole.

Horamabad is a city in western Iran.

Iguanan said the detainees will be charged with murder, conspiracy to commit crimes, kidnapping and financing terrorism.

Experts say that this kind of atomic bomb rod can produce three to six atomic bombs in six to eight months.

The IAEA plan delayed the negotiations for several months.

The Government of Myanmar reported that It is We look forward to the successful conclusion of the fight against drugs, 2014.

In early April 2008, the Anti Defamation Alliance published a comprehensive advertisement in Swiss and international newspapers accusing Switzerland of financing terrorism through this agreement.

The United Kingdom provides tanks and gearboxes.

The crimes punishable by death in Iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, drug trafficking and adultery.

The BAE system is Britain's largest military.

US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice asked Russia to withdraw its troops.

The resolution expands the list of individuals and entities whose assets will be frozen.

Withdrawal from the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe will enable Russia to strengthen its forces near the Russian border.

Van den Brock said that once the investment started, the Committee would ensure that the commitments were fulfilled.

Spokesman Semba Maceko said that as long as there were administrative documents, South Africa could not intervene to prevent weapons from entering Zimbabwe through its territory.

The statement was published on the Kremlin website and by the state news agency.

Sistan Baluchistan Province borders Afghanistan and Pakistan.

In 2007, as part of a campaign claimed by the Iranian authorities to improve social security, the number of executions increased dramatically.

Syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear programme.

The International Institute for Strategic Studies is based in London.

The number of executions in Iran in 2007 was calculated according to the figures compiled by Agence France Presse on the basis of news reports.

The Iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful.

Mr. Donohue said that it was very difficult to process radioisotopes without leaving any trace.

Lima East

The official asked for anonymity.

Russia has repeatedly threatened to withdraw from European conventional armed forces and opposed the plan to extend the US missile defense system to Eastern Europe.

Nigeria and Mozambique plan to establish an electronic real estate database.

China's efforts to resolve the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula are highly appreciated by the Asia Pacific countries.

Russian officials said Russia would not reconsider the moratorium on nuclear tests.

Arms dealers and drug trafficking groups encourage terrorists.

The new law aims to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and encourage innovation in Japan's space industry.

Zhang Yan said that China opposes restricting and depriving non nuclear weapon States of their right to peaceful use of nuclear energy under the pretext of non-proliferation.

Mark Fitzpatrick, a senior researcher at the International Institute for Strategic Studies, said that the IAEA's plan was superficial.

The Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe limits the number of European military aircraft, tanks and other non nuclear heavy weapons.

Estonian officials, including Prime Minister Andrus Ansip, said that some cyber attacks came from computers of the Russian government, including computers in the office of Russian President Vladimir Putin.

The United Kingdom has agreed to provide Saudi Arabia with typhoon jets, a transaction worth about 8 billion pounds (13.9 billion dollars), provided by British defense company BAE Systems.

Poppy is the raw material of heroin.

So far, South Korea has taken a cautious position on North Korea's nuclear reactor project.

The UK Ministry of Defence said in a statement that the agreement aims to establish broader cooperation, including national security and combating global terrorism.

Many of those executed were hanged in public.

The United States and some European countries believe that Iran's nuclear program is aimed at making nuclear weapons.

CFE is the cornerstone of European security.

The Indian army, which fought against the rebels, is also conducting large-scale operations in Kashmir to destroy opium poppy cultivation.

IAEA reports are limited.

NATO regrets Russia's decision to suspend its participation in the European conventional armed forces.

The United States, other Western countries and NATO demanded a ceasefire.

Foreign drug traffickers account for the largest proportion of foreign prisoners in Nepal.

The court accused Raghad Saddam Hussein of financing terrorism.

Myanmar's military leaders burned the drugs on International Drug Control Day.

Last year, as part of the campaign to improve social security, the number of executions in Iran increased.

India accused Pakistan of funding and training cross-border guerrillas.

The ensuing fighting resulted in the death of at least 10 militants.

According to the communiqu  of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Panama, Panama and Brazil have signed three judicial treaties, including extradition treaties.

Vietnam's drug law is one of the strictest in the world.

India prohibits the direct or indirect import and export of all goods, materials, goods and technologies that may contribute to Iran's nuclear weapon delivery system.

According to the Vietnam News Agency, the Ministry of Public Security said that the police acknowledged that drug trafficking to Vietnam is increasing, but measures to prevent and combat drug trafficking at the border are still limited.

Roy Isbist, head of the global security team, said that the EU embargo clearly stipulates that military equipment should not be provided to Myanmar directly or indirectly.

The United States and other NATO members refused to approve the extension of the European conventional armed forces.

The Treaty restricts the deployment of tanks and troops in NATO countries and former Easter Warsaw Pact countries, and provides for confidence building, transparency and cooperation measures among member countries.

Drug trafficking is rampant in the south-eastern Balkans.

This is the last opportunity to achieve security in the Middle East on the basis of trust and cooperation rather than the possession of nuclear weapons.

l International Atomic Energy Agency  Atomic Energy claims that the Iranian government's mere refusal to provide information to the Committee is not enough to dispel the suspicion of Western countries.

The agreement was first signed in 1990.

The Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe is one of the major arms control treaties in the Soviet period.

Nicaragua is celebrating the 25th anniversary of the Sandinista revolution.

Ten Kurds were investigated in France on suspicion of money laundering for the PKK terrorist organization.

The Oscar ceremony lasted two days.

105 prisoners served their sentences for drug trafficking.

After the talks at NATO headquarters, Baluyevsky reiterated that Russia opposes the U.S. plan to establish a missile defense system in Europe, and refuted the U.S. statement that an interception system is needed to defend against potential threats from Iran.

The University of Hong Kong cooperates with higher education, trade and government departments in Chinese Mainland to set up training programs and research centers to promote the commercialization of research and technology transfer.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ecuador said in a statement that representatives of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons would also attend the meeting.

Since 2006, Mexico has taken a series of measures to combat drug trafficking and organized crime.

The statement did not specify how many warheads a missile could carry.

It poses a major threat to global security.

Nicaragua has not yet reached an agreement on how to celebrate the anniversary of the Sandinista revolution.

Russian President Vladimir Putin said the decision was a response to the US plan to establish missile defense bases in Eastern Europe and NATO's failure to ratify the revised treaty.

A reporter from HP/DETIJD learned about TNO's experience in chemical weapons from the archives of the Ministry of Defense.

Chinese hackers related to the government are at the forefront of the growing cyber cold war.

The treaty limits the number of European aircraft, tanks and other non nuclear heavy weapons.

Estonian officials said the attack came from Russia.

Bulgarian police arrested the head of a drug cartel.

Ozawa said that if Japan could rise, it would never be defeated, even in terms of military strength.

Syria signed the NPT and authorized IAEA experts to inspect its only known nuclear facilities.

France is the leader of the European Space Agency.

Myanmar has a military government.

Dozens of these criminals were hanged in public.

Amnesty International's report was prepared by European and international non-governmental organizations.

The report points out that 27 weak countries pose a threat to the national security of the United Kingdom because they may become bases for terrorists.

Iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful

The PSI member States are considering how to intercept vessels or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction.

The third suggestion is that all countries should keep pace with the times and seek a just, reasonable and effective way to strengthen the nuclear non-proliferation regime through extensive consultations.

Amnesty International's report entitled "India Helicopter to Myanmar: Laughing at the EU Arms Embargo"

The accused smuggled more than 11 kilograms (24 pounds) of heroin.

Chen Dao, an official of the court, said that the 12 people were one of the 29 identified by the Guangning People's Court as having participated in heroin smuggling gangs from Vietnam to China.

Durban Port Authority and Police Explosives Inspector The reporter was unable to contact.

China emphasizes its opposition to the weaponization and arms race in outer space.

France, Belgium, Germany, Sweden, Italy and the United Kingdom provide spare parts and technology for the advanced light helicopters India plans to sell in Myanmar.

The increase in illicit arms trafficking in Kenya has raised security concerns.

Mohanty said that once the national defense research and development institutions, Air India Limited and the Indian Air Force are nearing the end, the upgrading work will be completed immediately.

The report quotes ElBaradei as saying that a peace agreement between Israel and its Arab neighbours must be concluded simultaneously with a security agreement based on the elimination of all weapons of mass destruction in the region.

Afghan drug traffickers were arrested in Tajikistan.

The International Atomic Energy Agency is the nuclear watchdog of the United Nations.

Wen said that his visit to Germany was to promote trade, economic and technological exchanges.

Hill is the chief negotiator for the US nuclear weapons program in North Korea.

During the conflict, seven policemen were killed and four were seriously injured.

The agreement was signed by the defence ministers of Estonia, Germany, Latvia, Lithuania, Italy, Slovakia and Spain.

Last week, the lower house of the Japanese government passed a new bill.

Van der meier suspended guggs's five-year sentence.

Bam is a city in the southeast.

Putin warned that Russia would take retaliatory action.

China said that the United States would put pressure on China to intercept and search North Korean ships, which could lead to military conflict.

Unger said that Brazil's new national defense plan requires the establishment of partnerships with countries including Russia and France to establish an advanced weapons industry.

Some defendants will also be charged with money laundering, tax evasion and corruption.

ALH's arsenal includes Belgian rocket launchers, French artillery and engines, Italian tank braking systems, British Communications and self-protection equipment from a Swedish company.

India's Ministry of Defense increased defense spending on new acquisitions by 33%.

The murderer escaped.

The Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe was revised in 1999.

Shek Dunn Sara Ilmi said civilian casualties caused by mortar and rocket attacks at night were taken to hospitals almost every day.

The CFE issue is one of the issues that have a negative impact on Russia's US Europe relations.

The resolution states: present situation High alarm increased The use of these weapons, if unintentionally or accidentally used, will have disastrous consequences.

Mr. Blix, who is visiting New Zealand, said that efforts must be redoubled to eliminate nuclear weapons and weapons of mass destruction.

Areva Group is the largest nuclear engineering company in the world.

The area near the town of Mirjaoui is where Iranian police and drug traffickers often clash.

Physicist Valentin Danilov was sentenced for selling confidential space technology information to China.

According to the latest drug control report of the United States Department of State, Myanmar is the largest illicit opium producer in the world.

Organizations that support the abductees will use this investigation to force Parliament to pass new laws.

Francisco Santos said that Colombian police found evidence on two computers found by Raul Reyes.

Grenell is the spokesman of the United States Mission to the United Nations.

German Siemens spokesman said Heinrich von Pyler said that Gerhard Schroeder was not opposed to the sale of plutonium processing facilities in principle.

Vietnam's drug law is one of the strictest in the world.

Somalia's governance institutions have long been inefficient.

Putin said that if the West refuses to ratify the treaty, Russia may completely abandon the treaty.

Russia ratified the revised treaty.

Oscar discussed Kazakhstan's candidacy for the 2009 Oscar presidency.

Mohamed Ballard is the Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency.

The NPT is reviewed every five years.

Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Qin Gang was invited to respond to Cheney's speech on China's military development.

The plant will start operation in 1999, close to the existing plant in China.

NATO believes that cyber attacks pose an increasing threat to military and civilian computer networks.

Shinzo Abe urged Japan and the international community to adopt a firmer foreign policy.

NAIF Arab Academy of Security Sciences announced in a statement that it would hold a two-week seminar for 50 counter-terrorism experts.

Eighty percent of the opposition Democrats support economic sanctions.

Iran is the Islamic Republic of Iran.

Islamic militants suspected of links to Al Qaida have been arrested in Malaysia and Singapore.

In September 2007, the United States and Jordan signed an agreement to support the peaceful development of Jordan's new nuclear program.

According to the statement, the RS-24 rocket prototype is different from TOPOL-M, and it is equipped with several independent warheads that can be used to neutralize the defense system.

Zahedan is the capital of Sistan Baluchistan Province.

Iran is located on the main drug trafficking route between Afghanistan, Europe and the Persian Gulf countries.

The American plan angered the Russian government.

P5+1 members include the United Kingdom, China, France, Russia, Germany and the United States.

In July 2006, Jordanian Prime Minister Marouf Baht announced that since the promulgation of the Iraqi Constitution, Lagdad Hussein and his family have been living under the protection of King Abdullah II.

A Siemens spokesman in Germany did not comment on the political aspects of the sale of plutonium processing facilities.

Earlier, French President Nicolas Sarkozy held a meeting with the Dalai Lama, the spiritual leader of Tibet in exile.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of South Africa reported that the Foreign Military Assistance Act of South Africa prohibits the recruitment of mercenaries or foreign military assistance within and outside South Africa.

France is the leader of the European Space Agency.

The Government of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea stated that its participation in the PSI programme would have unspecified disastrous consequences.

Mr. Li said that in recent years, the Chinese Agriculture Commission has established a mechanism to promote the development of knowledge agriculture and the application of agricultural technology, and formulated a set of measures.

These agreements were signed during the visit of Mr. Adel, Speaker of the Iranian Parliament, to Cuba.

Tibet suspects that the Chinese government launched the attack.

Godzayev and his lawyers were unable to comment at this time.

Western governments include the United States and France.

In recent years, the Chinese government has strictly examined the import and export of chemicals according to law.

The Africa Forum said it would organize protests on its way to Zimbabwe.

The Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe does not fully protect the security interests of the Russian Federation.

Ahmed filed a formal complaint with the Independent Police Complaints Commission, accusing the British police of fabricating intelligence reports, involving Ahmadi in terrorist activities, and desecrating Ahmed's holy Islamic book, the Koran, by placing the Koran on the floor when searching his home.

The United States and other NATO members refused to approve the revised version before Russian troops withdrew from Moldova and Georgia of the former Soviet Union.

The United States and its allies believe that Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons.

Paris is the capital of France.

A representative of the Indian Government said that science was outdated but still valid.

The revision of the Dual Use Nuclear Technology Regulations will help prevent nuclear terrorism.

In 2002, Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi held a summit meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Il in North Korea.

The opposition party, the Communist Party of Japan, opposes the proposal to introduce a new law.

Some officials said that due to different legal and political systems, this task is difficult for ASEAN members.

The new Iraqi leaders put pressure on the United Nations Security Council to stop using Iraqi oil revenues to pay inspectors' salaries and to transfer all remaining funds from the United Nations oil for food account to the Iraqi Government.

The Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe is an important European arms control treaty.

Helmand is the world's largest opium producer.

The United States said it would resist nuclear blackmail and exclude negotiations.

The meeting lasted two days.

The ministers of China, Laos, India, Myanmar and Thailand will discuss how to find a market for products produced through crop substitution programmes and other related programmes, such as ecotourism and handicrafts.

China is a permanent member of the UN Security Council

North Korea is dismantling its nuclear weapons programme.

According to court documents, on July 25, Peter Lloyd, an Australian television reporter, faced three new drug charges in Singapore.

Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a decree suspending Russia's accession to the Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe, because this situation affects the security of the Russian Federation and requires immediate action.

Falco Gali, spokesman of the Swiss Ministry of Justice, said that the conditions for extradition stipulated that Mehri could only be prosecuted on the grounds of falsifying documents, and the Italian authorities could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute him.

These attacks occurred after the dispute between the Russian and Estonian governments over the relocation of the Soviet war memorial.

Israel remains outside the scope of the treaty.

Russia is a member of the Middle East Quartet.

If the West refuses to ratify the Treaty, Russia will withdraw from the Treaty.

This is especially true after the withdrawal of Ethiopian troops.

Iranian officials intensified the execution in 2007, allegedly to promote morality and strengthen social security.

The rapist was identified as Hussein Safaru and sentenced to drug trafficking.

Neighbouring Kyrgyzstan has also been attacked by Taliban supported Islamic militants in recent years.

This is a serious threat to international security.

Danes reported that the group engaged in illegal activities, including extortion, extortion, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering.

The National Microbiology Applied Science Center cooperated with western scientists to transform the complex into a biomedical production base.

headquarters International Atomic Energy Agency  atomic energy

This is a comprehensive technology transfer, the official said.

105 prisoners served their sentences for drug trafficking.

Russia's suspension of its obligations under the Basic Law is temporary.

Daryl Kimball, executive director of the Arms Control Association in Washington, said the Israeli document could affect the debate on India.

The treaty is one of many issues that have led to tensions between the governments of Russia, the United States and Europe.

The Kodobnichev laboratory cooperates with other research institutions.

Luga and Ning presented the medal to the Prime Minister.

Russian military officials said the decision will depend on whether the United States continues to plan to deploy missile defense systems in Poland and the Czech Republic.

The agreement was signed at the regular meeting of the chiefs of defense staff of the 26 NATO allies.

In early May 2002, the Philippines, Malaysia and Indonesia signed an agreement on the exchange of terrorist information.

The leaders of Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Macedonia, Serbia and Montenegro met with EU leaders for the first time with a view to joining the EU.

Resolution 1540 (2004) calls on all States to enact laws to prevent non State actors from manufacturing, acquiring or selling nuclear, chemical or biological weapons, materials for their manufacture, missiles and other means of delivery.

The International Atomic Energy Association is the supervisory body of the United Nations.

There is much work to be done.

The report urges Belgium to immediately start negotiations with India to prevent future arms sales to Myanmar.

The crimes punishable by death in Iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, drug trafficking and adultery.

Saudi Arabia is an absolute monarchy with an advisory committee appointed by the government.

Mr. Kaminin said that he would exchange views on current international and regional issues on the basis of the core common working relationship of the United Nations.

The Russian Foreign Minister announced a visit to Libya.

Both the Indian and Pakistani governments conducted nuclear tests in May 1998.

Igallan said that the detainees also participated in a police murder case of an anti kidnapping organization.

A suspected extremist was released temporarily without bail.

The accused will be charged with international drug trafficking.

The Democratic People's Republic of Korea should not take further measures to worsen the situation.

An alleged drug lord, the Taliban, is being held in Mexico

SC rejected the government's request to review Vodafone's tax decision

When Assad attacked the city, the pipeline exploded.

NATO soldiers killed in southern Afghanistan

Fidel Castro celebrates his 86th birthday

Former Israeli spy leader: distrust of Iran's leadership&video

Decision of the United States Supreme Court on the Arizona Immigration Law Chamber

NATO Leaders Commit to Afghan Transition

A "suicide bombing" in Damascus killed 10 people

Sakin Tendulkar scored in the first cricket match of the century

Australian Prime Minister challenged under pressure from leaders

Obama said that clear rules are needed to calm the situation in the South China Sea.

A teenager attacked eight dead people with a knife.

The Free Syrian Army transferred its headquarters from Trkiye to Syria

Seven states have filed lawsuits against the Obama administration on family planning issues

Greece wins the largest debt transaction in history

Russian Presidential Election Voting Begins

Julian Assange runs for the Australian Senate

Sandusky was found guilty in a trial of child sexual abuse.

Seven Tibetans burned themselves in China

Fact check: Obama Supreme Court statement

Putin, Annan on the Syrian crisis

Israel confiscates 30 dunums of Palestinian land

Saudi women are allowed to participate in the Olympic Games

Nigeria: Northern University Explosion  Global Voice

Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao Promises to Create Employment Opportunities

Tropical Storm Joyce forms and stops in the open Atlantic Ocean

A third man was arrested in Saville's sexual assault investigation.

Romney named Ryan as his running mate.

Stocks rose slightly after Greek debt trading

Suicide bomb attacks on military posts in Yemen

Three NATO soldiers died within a day in Afghanistan

Protests against Putin in Moscow are becoming less and less and quieter

French presidential election: the first round - real-time update

Australia has established the largest marine protected area in the world

Two British soldiers were killed by Afghan police

Two British soldiers died in Afghanistan

Abbas proposes to serve as Prime Minister of the interim coalition government

Coptic Church of Egypt is preparing to select pope

Malawi Confirms the Death of President Mutharika

Malian rebels declare Azawad independent

Lance Armstrong planned a strategy after losing the championship

French presidential election begins

The police asked for a retrial of Madeleine.

Fear of the savior

Nato says four soldiers were killed in an internal attack in southern Afghanistan

The UN Security Council will vote for up to 300 Syrian observers

Armed men killed six people at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin.

On Automobile Insurance Market

China National News Agency: There is still hope for peace in Syria

African Union forces intensify attacks on Somali rebels

Will South Korea develop nuclear energy?

Iran will not accept the preconditions for nuclear negotiations

AOL will sell 800 patents to Microsoft at a price of 1 billion dollars

Thousands of people flocked to Amsterdam to celebrate Queen's Day.

Middle East: Iraq: 17 Prisoners Escape in Kirkuk

A US Navy jet crashed into an apartment building.

The woman died after falling off the Dorset Cliff.

U. Strengthen coordination between the United States and Trkiye on the Syrian issue

Representative of Congo: 236 people died in the explosion of the arsenal

I want to win another game.

The reporters snuck out of their homes.

New regulations of the US Secret Service

Mandela was discharged from hospital.

Iran earthquake killed 180 people

British Christians complain to the European Court of Justice

Trkiye is seeking to resettle some Syrian refugees

Three Al Qaida suspects arrested in Spain

Sumatra earthquake with magnitude 5.9: USD

Israeli air strikes killed four people in Gaza; The current death toll is 38.

A car bomb in Kirkuk, Iraq killed 9 people and injured 31

Israel releases Palestinian strikers on hunger strike

Hizbullah said it had launched drones over Israel.

The Syrian Free Army captured Syrian officers

The doctor who treated the suspect of Aurora shooting was condemned by the medical department.

6.6 Indonesia Papua Earthquake: USGS

When will the opening ceremony of the Paralympic Games be held? Everything you need to know about the unveiler

Embrace is forbidden in American schools

Iran stepped up rescue efforts after the earthquake that killed 227 people.

Canada Earthquake Tsunami Warning

The United States killed 2000 people in Afghanistan

Apple will pay a dividend of $2.65 per share and buy back $10 billion of shares.

Two people were killed in a gunfight outside the Empire State Building.

The unemployment rate in France rose to 10%

There is more and more sand near the coast; Wall Street closed

Halliburton's profit growth in the first quarter benefited from strong sales in North America

A US drone attacked northwestern Pakistan, killing 12 people.

China's stock market fell sharply on Friday

Lifting curfew after riots in tunisia

United Nations observers in They are on their way to the scene of the Syrian Holocaust.

Soldiers killed in the bombing in Afghanistan

Local militias in Mali support Islamic militants

The opening ceremony was a busy start for the Olympic Games

A man was killed in France's anti-terrorism operation.

Capello resigned as England manager.

One person killed and four injured in Ohio school shooting

Four Palestinians were killed in an international air strike

A Pakistani motorcade went to protest against the US drone attack.

Hurricane Sandy accelerated on the East Coast of the United States.

Sarkozy indicted Gaddafi after he asked for money to enter the campaign

Information must be read on Wednesday, May 30, 2012

Senior cleric: If Israel launches an attack, Iran will attack Tel Aviv

If Romney wins the election, the possibility of the Supreme Court

Public opinion survey: Putin will win the Russian presidential election

Syria says troops have begun to withdraw

Four Chinese among the victims of the Nigerian air crash

Venezuela mourns the death of oil refinery explosion

A strong earthquake occurred near Acapulco

Russia and China's double veto of the UN resolution on Syria

A Pakistani plane crashed with 130 people on board

UN orders comprehensive sanctions against Haqqani network

Foreign militants killed in a car attack in Somalia

According to state media, Saudi Arabia has arrested some alleged militants

Hurricane Sandy hit the East Coast of the United States

Chicago Teachers' Strike Tests Labor Union

Panetta: Afghanistan is the theme of NATO Conference

The four men admitted the London plot.

Israel launches rockets into Gaza

A Russian plane found 12 bodies in an accident in Indonesia.

Syria's fragile ceasefire comes into force

An American soldier shot and killed as many as 16 Afghan civilians.

Rupert Murdoch starts barbecue the next day

The boss of Barclays was involved in an interest rate manipulation scandal.

On Wednesday, the yuan rose to US $613103 against the US dollar.

Nissan will provide wired steering systems on some Infiniti cars

Chinese young Tibetan monks set themselves on fire

Bangalore, India's most expensive city, the capital of science and technology: a survey

A man was asked about Megan Lee's murder.

Israeli air strikes have killed Hamas commanders and five others.

Gusm  o started in East Timor

United Nations observers shall not Unable to go to the murder scene in Syria.

NATO Strongly Condemns Syria for Shooting Down Trkiye Aircraft

Trkiye forces hold tank exercises near the Syrian border

At least 20 people died in Syria last Saturday.

Syrian Army Attacks Aleppo

Launched 89 rockets into Gaza; Cabinet approves the recruitment of reservists

John Demyanjuk was a security guard in the Nazi death camp at the age of 91.

Johnson was re elected mayor of London

Breivik was sentenced to 21 years in prison.

The brother of Eastern actress Gemma McCluskey was charged with murder.

Jersey Murder Trial: The murderer "heard the voice"

Madoff's brother pleaded guilty to fraud.

French Presidential Election Poll Begins

Libyan militia controls Tripoli airport

Clinton warned of the cost of electoral unrest in Kenya

Arkansas Premier abolished the death penalty

Mandela was discharged from hospital.

New Zealand will increase its exports to China

Saudi Arabia will participate in Egypt's presidential election

Donna Summer, the disco queen, died at the age of 63.

Muslims light Buddhist temples

Six policemen were killed in the Dagestan attack

The Pope lashed out at dissident priests over celibacy

10 people were killed and 12 injured in suicide bomb attacks at Afghan airports

Romney won the Maine caucus by a narrow margin.

Bahrain rejects calls from militants

Hurricane Sandy hit us.

Plastic artists demand more support for new talents

Syria's ground attack on Aleppo

The turnout in the Algerian National Assembly reached 44.38%.

Security guards died during the raid in Pakistan

US equities fell on Wall Street as Greek negotiations lagged

Romney will nominate Ryan as the vice presidential candidate

NATO helicopters landed in eastern Afghanistan

Mubarak's son faces new internal charges

India allows Pakistan to invest

19 people were killed by bombs in northwestern Pakistan

37 people killed by suicide bombers at a mosque in Afghanistan

NATO soldiers killed in bombing in Afghanistan

Nadal qualified for the seventh final of the French Open.

Reported that Russia and Ukraine have foiled the plot to kill Putin

Putin wins controversial presidential election in Russia

167 remains found in Mexican caves

Alpine Attacks: Girls Return to Britain

Obama attacked Romney in the debate

Poland pays tribute to the President who died in an air crash in 2010

Thousands of people gathered in Moscow for a rally of competitors.

Google Appoints Dennis Woodside as Head of Motorola Mobility

Hurricane Sandy hit the East Coast of the United States

Two rockets hit the target. school; No one was injured.

8000 Syrian refugees fled to Trkiye at night

Assange will appeal extradition to the United Kingdom Supreme Court

Strong earthquake in eastern Indonesia

Syrians insist on resolving the Syrian crisis

Pakistani thugs killed people for burning the Quran.

US drone attacks in northwestern Pakistan killing 10 people: officials

Salvador Dali was stolen in New York.

Will Putin's election victory in Russia be challenged?

French President Nicolas Sarkozy announces re-election

The United States and Britain will agree to emergency release of oil reserves

The unemployment rate in the euro area hit a record high in June

The French Socialist Party obtained an absolute majority in Parliament

A second hungry Islamic attacker died in a Tunisian prison.

Dominique Strauss Kahn Faces the Problems of Prostitution Groups in France

Romney watches the end of the Republican primary

Four people were killed in a drone attack in Pakistan

56 people died in 3 traffic accidents in China

Capriati Hall of Fame

Strauss Kahn was accused of prostitution.

Sony expects a record annual loss of $6.4 billion.

ICTU, IBEC Airlines strike

19 people were killed in an attack in Iraq before the end of Ramadan

Barclays faces new investigation in the United States

Closed roads in Armenia

EU imposes new sanctions on the Syrian regime

Tens of thousands of rallies against Putin's regime (AP)

Bahrain's game continues in chaos

China's stock market rose and fell unevenly on Wednesday

Cheryl Crowe has a benign brain tumor.

Afghanistan's parliament approves the US partnership

Senator Reed is involved in a Las Vegas car accident: CNN

Israeli and Palestinian negotiators meet in Jordan

American astronaut Neil Armstrong died.

Amnesty investigators: Syrian rebels also committed abuses

Romney Wins Florida Republican Primary

Josim Gock Elected President of Germany

South Africa Chairs "Peace Talks" in My Deadlock

35 dead, 165 missing

Santorum Wins Kansas League Meeting

Neil Armstrong, the first man on the moon, died at the age of 82.

Trkiye and the United States call Syria a no fly zone

Wa man arrested in the police anti drug operation

Florida Democrats want to extend early voting

British warships bound for the Falkland Islands

QPR 1-2 West Ham: match report, photos and videos

Progress report on Palestinian prisoners' hunger strike negotiations

Palestinians: 12 killed in IDF attacks on the northern Gaza Strip

Egypt confirms Mubarak's return to the presidency this afternoon

The US Marines were killed in a basic attack.

US Helps Syrian Rebels Get Arms

observer United Nations arrives at the Syrian Holocaust village

Romney promised to stand with Israel on the Iranian threat

Greek Prime Minister Calls for General Election on May 6

The Canadian Government supports the safety of women in Regina

If Murayam forms a third forehead, this is not a problem: Digwij

The court of Bahrain upheld the judgment of the leader of the uprising

Ghana Air Crash: How to Report by International Media

Six NATO soldiers died in Afghanistan

The Syrian army killed 54 people before the peace mission in Annan

Obama and Romney compete for the wavering candidate, Stoke Base

BBC General Manager Resigns Due to Evening News Scandal

Rick Santorum won the primary in Kansas.

Egyptian Christians Choose a New Pope

The United States promised to rebuild Haiti, but it did not

China's stock market rose and fell unevenly on Wednesday

Greece to vote on the 2013 budget

The United States welcomes Iran's proposal to resume nuclear negotiations

Clinton warned that Kenya's elections in 2007 would be thrown into chaos again.

Anti American sentiment permeates Middle East movies

The Israeli delegation participated in the opening ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games

Tokyo stock market crash

WikiLeaks released a large number of Syrian documents

Responsible person: Gazans were killed in Israeli air strikes (AP)

President of Mali officially resigns

Nigeria Bull Market Attacks Cause 60 Death

Pakistan Factbox Security Development, March 13

Jordan supports the Palestinians in Syria

Israel is the largest exporter and importer of weapons

Somali parliamentarians will elect a new president

Federer won seventh place at Wimbledon

Al Qaeda Leaders Urge the Kidnapping of Westerners

China equities closed higher on Friday afternoon

15 people were killed in a plane crash in India

Putin was sworn in as President of Russia for six years

Restore tension and calm in southern Tel Aviv

Five main points of the presidential debate

Custody, pictures of Cruz Holmes's divorce

Syria accuses rebels of killing Hura

Sudan accused Sudan of bombing strike talks

5 million Ukrainian citizens receive informal wages

Syria demands a written pledge to withdraw its troops

After luggage evacuation, the smallest terminal is reopened.

Westwood before the Dubai Desert Classic

Pakistan's Prime Minister has ordered YouTube to stop playing anti Islamic movies

Senegalese presidential election is coming to an end

Chavez started more radiotherapy in Cuba

Chinese President Ends State Visit to Denmark

The Russian Orthodox Church reconvenes its followers after being criticized

Clinton warned against destroying the Grammy Bank.

The Acting President of Mali was sworn in

Putin won the Russian presidential election

US Embassy in Damascus Closed Due to Syrian Violence

EU sanctions against Assad's wife; Mortar target

Women testify in front of air force instructors

More than 30 miners strike in South Africa

The iron dome intercepted two rockets fired at Bersheba.

Malian Islamists destroyed other holy sites in Tabuktu

China's stock market opened on Thursday

Nintendo reduced the deficit and lowered its forecast for this year.

Butler will stand trial for "fleeing the Vatican".

Romney won the Maine caucus by a narrow margin

Three people died in sectarian conflict in Lebanese cities

Repsol Attacks Argentina's Oil Nationalization

49 people died in Buenos Aires train crash

Aung San Suu Kyi of Myanmar will address the parliament in June

An American found his car after 42 years of robbery.

Larry Page said that Android is very important, not the key

Iranian lawmakers say they are prepared to ban oil exports to certain EU countries

At least six people were killed in a gun battle in Pakistan.

The death of the Iranian painter Hosseini

Romney promises to "restore America"

President of Koni 2012 Hospital

Release the President of Israel

Jaya Prada may join BJP, Amar Singh will make a decision for her

Hizbullah calls for more protests against anti Islamic films

Tennis: Nadal defeated Jokovic to win the Monte Carlo championship

Childcare "costs 15000 a year"

Obama urges Europe to respond quickly to the crisis

Salmonella chocolate powder recall

Obama and Romney are preparing for the debate

In the recent land conflict in Kenya, the attackers killed 38 people

British aid workers kidnapped and killed in Pakistan

10 rockets were fired from southern Gaza Israel; No one was injured.

Five NATO soldiers died in Afghanistan

Press release: Yemeni presidential election

BBC faces the challenge of withdrawing Saville

Record unemployment in the euro zone

James Murdoch leaves BSkyB

Ray Bradbury died at 91.

2012 US Presidential Election

Four foreign soldiers were killed in eastern Afghanistan

United Nations team investigating the Syrian Holocaust

The Associated Press survey: Most people have prejudice against blacks

Red skinned people ranked second.

China's defense expenditure increased by 11.2%

A strong earthquake in Italy has killed at least six people.

l Ecuador Undecided grant Assange's Shelter

US provides US $10 million to Pakistan's militant leaders

Six NATO soldiers died in Afghanistan

Osama bin Laden's film will be shot in India

Egyptians participate in historic elections

The blue jet pilot who interrupted the flight was innocent.

Earthquake tsunami warning in Aceh

US transfers Bagram prison to Afghan control

Jeremy Hunt got mad Spade's email gave up News Corporation

Obama's Secret Service is on its way home.

Blitzkrieg defeated by New Zealand

Anna's team has not decided to participate in the state survey.

Investigation of sexual assault on women

Eight more bodies were found on the ship.

Reflections on Racial Relations during the Black Presidential Period

Belstow beat Stowe at the Indian track

Wind farm developers use "technology" to make turbines smaller

US missiles cause 15 deaths in Pakistan: responsible person

Arrested by Nigerian police after university massacre

Focus on Greece after the Spanish bank bailout

The fierce battle in Damascus

France Netherlands supports Greece but calls for credible reforms

Hunger Game Breaks US Box Office Record

British soldiers killed in Afghanistan

Spain's fate has become more severe

Two Austrian soldiers injured in Afghanistan

China's stock market fell sharply on Friday

Palestinian leaders support the Fatah Hamas Doha agreement

Romney Wins Maryland Republican Primary

A man in Texas found his car after 42 years of robbery.

Sylvester Stallone    His son, Sage Stallone, was found dead in Hall.

Release of five Afghan aid workers

The Russian court will rule in the trial of vaginal discomfort

Israel forbids German writer Grass to write poems

Wednesday, July 4, 2012 Required Information

The United States regrets the shooting of Afghan civilians

East Timor presidential election

Russia told Syria that the threat of chemical weapons is unacceptable

Fitch Restores Ford's Credit to Investment Level

The peace in Syria collapsed over time

Conflicts erupted as the Greek vote approached

The Blanche avalanche killed six people and left several missing.

Taliban soldiers impersonate women on Facebook to obtain military secrets

Chinese radicals once again call for combating injustice

Two people were killed in a gunfight outside the Empire State Building.

Morsi was sworn in as president of Egypt

Release aid workers during the raid in Afghanistan

At least six people were killed in a series of attacks in Iraq.

Fernando Torres won the fourth place and is not eligible to participate in the sixth Olympic Games

Pakistan Destroys Osama bin Laden's Hiding Place

Sudan Accuses Israel of Bombing Weapon Factories

The negotiators reached an agreement on the bill of Congress to reduce the payroll tax.

Tropical storm isaac threatens the dam

100 supporters of Palestine tried to enter Israel from Allenby

The stock market rose, hoping that the Federal Reserve will introduce a stimulus plan

Gore Vidal, a famous writer and playwright, died at the age of 86.

Asian equities fell ahead of the maturity of the Greek debt agreement

South African police say they killed more than 30 minors.

Isaac came to Haiti with the homeless people in the earthquake

Who cares about the Syrian people?

Napolitano: The United States Relaxes the Rules for Expelling Young People

Microsoft Surface Tablet has a bright future, but problems still exist

The girlfriend of the "white" mafia was sentenced to eight years in prison.

The President of Mauritania opened fire

The man set himself on fire outside Breivik's trial.

A US drone killed 10 suspected militants in Pakistan

9000 US Marines to Leave Okinawa: Statement

Wal Mart reduces the cost of holiday meal plan

Iran strengthens sensitive nuclear activities - International Atomic Energy Agency

Donna Summer, Queen of Disco

The Iraqi attack killed the general and four others.

The earthquake in northwest Iran killed 180 people and injured 1300.

Brazil's "pop singer priest" has won a huge new stage

Washington: The Court Supports Alabama's Voting Rights Act

Putin claimed to have won the presidential election

Clinton was a difficult move for Obama.

Romney chose Ryan as the Republican candidate.

European Ministers Ready to Approve Greek Rescue

Edward was acquitted; Invalid trial of another person

Korobuka in Ukraine was banned for four years

The killer may have caught the shooting of a French school.

Hong Kong shares rose 0.62% at the opening

Suicide bomb attack on a church in Nigeria

Malaysia to extradite Iranians who attacked Israel

Agreement between Israeli and Palestinian hunger strikers

Hunger Game Set Box Office Record

Putin won the Russian presidential election

Putin will win the Russian presidential election

Insight: the UN Secretary General has found his own voice, but he is cautious about China

Libyans transfer weapons to the army

The Archbishop of Canterbury withdraws

The Punjab mail derailed near Hariana Rotak, injuring 19 people.

Officials say George Zimmerman will be prosecuted in the Trevor Martin case

India: Maoist rebels in the negotiations to liberate Italians  Global Voice

City Hall: Empire State Building Photo

At least 63 people died in a factory fire in Pakistan.

Pennsylvania football team is sanctioned by NCAA

The Israeli minister wants the Palestinian leader to resign

NATO Leaders Minimize the Risk of Conflict between Turkey and Syria

The girl accused of burning the Koran was released on bail.

The United Nations expresses concern about possible chemical weapons in Syria

Deadly storms in the Midwest

General strike ended: Histadrut, Ministry of Finance Agreement

Indonesian President Visits Australia

Storms hit Florida and delayed the Republican Congress

At least 18 people died in the bombing in Afghanistan: responsible person

President John Evans Atta Mills will resign - Germany NPP

The Miami Heat won the NBA championship

Japan closed its last nuclear power plant last weekend

The person in charge of Ryanair welcomed the report results

The 100th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Russian Air Force

NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan

Romney leads Santorum into the Republican Super Tuesday

Putin was sworn in as President of Russia for six years

Aguirre shares fell as lung cancer research stopped.

Three people were killed in a terrorist plane crash

Indonesia Papua M6.1 earthquake

The unrest in Afghanistan continues, with two American military officers killed.

Obama Deals with Secret Service Scandal

Japan celebrates the first anniversary of the earthquake and tsunami disaster

Defects of Syrian PM in Jordan

Syrian Arab Republic: More than 70 people died in Syria before Annan returned home

A suicide bomb attack on a church in Nigeria has killed 12 people

Due to Israel's opposition, British Airways canceled the "fly to" ticket

Spaniards on trial for the death of Cuban dissidents

Peace in the South China Sea

A senior Pakistani journalist was killed

SpaceX Dragon docks with the International Space Station

The Million Puppet Parade aims to defend the US support for PBS

Syrian opposition committee will set up special envoy in France

Romney will not actively propose budget differences

Facebook Increases IPO Size by 25%

Iran's parliament questions President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad

A suicide car bomb attack in Afghanistan killed at least seven people: officials

The conflict between the republican presidential candidate and the southern race

NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan

Rodney King was sentenced to accidental death

Two British soldiers were killed in an internal attack in Afghanistan

A doctor of the British Red Cross was kidnapped and beheaded in Pakistan.

Afghanistan, US signs night raid agreement

A truck accident in China killed 20 people.

Australian Prime Minister challenged under pressure from leaders

The verdict of the infidelity riots was overturned.

Secret Service sex scandal "regret"

Armed elements attack the Syrian embassy in Kuwait

Welcome Aung San Suu Kyi to her historic visit

Key wants Waitangi Marae to continue visiting

Norway Commemorates the Anniversary of the Brevik Massacre

When an ally refuses

RBA cut interest rate again

Eurozone to Greece: No Reform, No Salvage

Obama will meet the victims of Batman shooting

Romney led Obama to "rebound" at the meeting: Reuters/IPSOS

Two people died and seven were injured in Finland

The Pope's governess was arrested for fleeing to the Vatican

Anti Putin protesters form a human chain

US $9.8 million copy of George Washington's US Constitution

The Lakers fired Mike Brown after 4-1.

The Imam of the United States and Canada announced that Fatwa opposes killing for honour

The UN General Assembly will vote on the Syrian resolution

American soldiers don't remember the Holocaust.

Libyan parliament rejects new cabinet and dismisses prime minister

It is reported that four French soldiers were killed in Afghanistan

Syrian army bombed Homs, Russia warned of civil war

Anti Islamic Film Demonstrations in Islamabad, Pakistan 25 Injured

Investigators are looking for answers to Whitney Houston's death.

North Korea warns not to retaliate against Seoul's naval exercise plan

Both evils won the Super Bowl.

The new Israeli attack on Gaza has resulted in two deaths: medical personnel

What is Russia's view on Syria? Rough Guides 

4 people injured in traffic accidents

According to the Red Cross, the Baba Amr residential area in Syria is uninhabited.

The conflict in Kenya caused dozens of deaths.

The second day after Egypt's presidential election

Actor Ben Ghazala died at the age of 81.

Two British soldiers were killed in an internal attack in Afghanistan

The avalanche buried more than 100 Pakistani soldiers.

Inflation has fallen to a 15 month low.

Susan G Komen cut funding for child care under the U-Flip program

Foreign currency and gold July 19, 2012

Iran called the nuclear negotiations with the United Nations "constructive".

US Food and Drug Administration Confirms a Case of Mad Cow Disease in California

BP sold assets from the Gulf of Mexico to the Plains at a price of 5.55 billion US dollars

Britain: 300 potential victims of abuse in Saville

Armstrong withdraws from Lifstrand

US drone attacks Yemen, killing 16 suspected militants

Syrian opposition reports "Holocaust"

China equities rose Friday afternoon

Myanmar voters want the Soviet Union to win

Obama's Hispanic victory worries Republicans

Four foreign soldiers were killed in eastern Afghanistan

Israel fires, Syrian opposition unites

26 people killed in South African railway collision

The Syrian army bombed Homs and Lavrov and arrived at the negotiation site

Deferring the results of Egypt's elections

EU is about to impose new sanctions on Iran

Dozens of people were arrested during protests at the Russian TV tower

Norway commemorates the anniversary of the Holocaust

Senior American General on Petraeus scandal

China equities rose Monday afternoon

North Korea Commits to Strengthen Nuclear Deterrence

The President of Maldives resigned a few weeks after the protests

Two NATO soldiers died in Afghanistan

The Al Qaida conflict in Yemen resulted in the death of 35 soldiers.

US Navy jet crashes apartment building in Virginia

US equities rose despite GDP not meeting expectations

A snowstorm hit the Central Plains.

US drone attack killed three people in Pakistan

A teenager in Chicago was arrested in a car bomb attack in Chicago

David Miliband: My brother and I went back to work

The Syrian regime tried to retake Aleppo

Vacation of Minister of Commerce

Wall Street's results were mixed.

Oil price rises, hoping to stimulate the economy

Early losses of stock index futures

The man was charged with murder in his apartment.

US Exempts Passengers from Pakistan Assistance

4 suspected militants killed in Pakistan drone attack

Syrian rebels withdraw from the besieged area of Homs

The United States has ordered non essential personnel to leave Tunisia and Sudan.

Mubarak's situation in Egypt is critical

Assad accused us of fuelling the Syrian uprising

Iran and world powers prepare for nuclear negotiations

Five people were killed in the attack on Gaza, and militants attacked Israel

A naval jet crashed into an apartment in Virginia, injuring nine people.

British soldiers killed in southern Afghanistan

The number of people applying for unemployment benefits in Spain reached a record high.

Trkiye sends emergency aircraft to the Syrian border

Contado was banned for two years.

Three Syrian military officers were killed by Syrian gunmen: non-governmental organizations

China was shocked by two earthquakes

The deputy governor of the Bank of England denied ordering interest rate manipulation

The Red Cross is negotiating a ceasefire in Syria to provide assistance

Syrian army and rebels clash near Trkiye

German parliament approves Greek rescue plan

Explosions and conflicts in Syria when the opposition is looking for weapons

Burmese militants say the progress of sanctions relaxation is slow

Facebook's mobile revenue drives revenue growth: reaction

Indian police identified three Iranians when they attacked the embassy.

The fierce fighting shocked the residents of eastern Syria.

On Thursday, the yuan fell to $62697.

Five people injured in Ohio school shooting

Indonesian police killed suspected militants in Bali.

Romney acknowledged his election to Obama by telephone.

Armenian Parliament Votes to Test the President

Member of the House of Commons Saschin Tendulka said no in the government bungalow

US Navy jet crashes apartment building in Virginia

Romney Wins Illinois Primary

Yahoo Appoints Google Executive Michael as CEO

US soldiers accused of killing Afghan civilians

Indonesia Santa Strait 5.9 earthquake

The United States identifies Haqqani as a terrorist

The button takes the longest time after the first practice

The Rangers voted for Zone 3.

Mayor Newark rescued his neighbor from the burning house

An Angry Day in Bahrain

Transaction manual: the exchange is ready for opening

Holmes' attack killed 200 people.

Funerals of the Ohio shooting victims

Bombs in Thailand killed 14 people and injured 340.

Somali parliamentarians will vote for a new president

The French gunman wanted to "die in arms"

The Eshkol District Council launched 10 rockets within 20 minutes.

On May 1, demonstrations against austerity

Rebels killed two park rangers in eastern Congo.

Trade: Pakistan and India agree to go further

At least 73 people were killed in the invasion of Egyptian football fields.

An earthquake in southwestern China has killed at least 50 people.

Hurricane Sandy Arrives in Jamaica

Meeting with Mr. Koichiro Root, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Japan

After Syria vetoed, Obama's aides held talks in China

In Kenya, the attackers adopted the strategy of "less is more".

Wall Street shares fell due to weak profits

Solomon Islands 6.3 earthquake

At least 15 people were killed in Shanghai by a liquid ammonia leak.

The American Friends of Syria recognized the opposition as the only representative

Wiener ignored the latest internet scandal.

The death toll from bus accidents in Italy has risen to 39

The Prime Minister of India has slowed down the pace of the Commonwealth Summit

Director of the Syrian Gendarmerie

Boeing 787 Dreamliner shares fell after the fire

The White House supports gay marriage

Teenagers among five bus accident victims in Belgium

Seven foreign workers kidnapped in Nigeria

Police say Swiss tourists were raped in India.

Clashes between Palestinians and security forces in the West Bank

Israeli air strikes on Syria

Kita Wins Mali's Presidential Election

The "Nine Dead" in Tribal Conflict in New Darfur

An American drone attacked northwestern Pakistan, killing six people.

A car accident in northwestern Pakistan killed 10 people

Carney set high standards for Bank of England reform

Four people were arrested because the number of buildings in Bangladesh increased to 352.

Suicide bomb attacks on US bases in Afghanistan

The governor of Afghanistan defected to the Taliban

North Korea postpones family reunification with South Korea

Provisions of the US Trade Agency on Samsung's Prohibition of Importing iPhone4

Militants killed 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan

Beckham will leave the football match

Matt Smith resigned from the BBC doctor.

The G20 Summit Ends Syria's Divergence

10 people were killed in the Iraqi bombing

The man who set himself on fire in the National Mall died.

A series of attacks killed 10 Afghan policemen.

Syrian Prime Minister "survived the assassination attempt"

Former First Lady Barbara Bush was released.

Michael Schumacher is still in a coma after the ski accident and fighting for his life

An attack by Chinese police killed 11 people.

Bradley Cooper will play Lance Armstrong in his biography

The Boeing plane crashed in Kazan, Russia, killing 50 people.

EU Ministers Hold Crisis Talks over Horse Meat Scandal

Thai opposition announced boycott of elections

More than 1000 people died when houses collapsed in Bangladesh.

Taranga: Jagan will go to the hospital on Thursday; Simula Mandela continues to lose power

President of the Central African Republic, afternoon

Maracana resumed the game and Brazil was defeated by England 2 - 2.

Wildfires are spreading in California, but officials say firefighters are making progress

George W. Bush participates in the immigration debate

Mandela stopped talking and was hospitalized.

South Korea confirms that North Korea has conducted the third controversial nuclear test

Hundreds of people are sick in Bangladesh factories

16 female suicide bombers were killed at a Russian railway station

10 people killed by explosion in Russian coal mine

Thai protesters attack army headquarters

Israel's new air strike on Syria

Cairo police fired tear gas at demonstrators.

The Egyptian opposition is considering responding to Morsi's call for dialogue

This struggle will be staged at the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games

Commencement in May 6.8%

Cuba Castro will assume the presidency of Latin American countries

Iran 5.6 earthquake

Rescuers quickly found 20 people still trapped in the collapse of an Indian building.

Daily news briefing: Syria

Islamists Attack Malian Army

Britain refuses to expel radical cleric Abu Katada

The Russian parliament will consider banning adoption in the United States

The day before the vote, protests in Thailand were shot and exploded.

The Egyptian army controls the Muslim Brotherhood and its supporters

North Korea Promises to Restart Nuclear Facilities

Ariel Castro was sentenced to 1000 years in prison

Official: "Fiscal Cliff" Agreement

Zimmerman stopped in Texas for speeding and warned

Russia and China are worried about Israel's air attack on Syria

America's allies were helped to repel Iran's computer attacks.

China equities closed higher on Wednesday

Russia Announces $25 Billion Link with Pacific Oil Company

The police confronted the gunman at their home in the United States, killing four people

Dolce and Gabbana were fined in the Italian tax case

M7.7 earthquake in southwestern Pakistan

Asteroids fly over the earth

The European Union will train Malian troops to fight Islamic militants in the north

The Spanish nap is receding

Syria bombs chemical weapons while waiting for Assad's order

A new round of attacks in Iraq resulted in 15 deaths and 90 injuries.

The United States says Syria may use sarin in chemical weapons

Mexican singer Jenny Rivera died in a plane crash.

British Prime Minister Urges Sri Lanka to Fight War Crimes

Zimbabwe: Mugabe Wins in Disputed Votes  Global Voices

Indonesia: The death toll from capsizing Indonesian ships has increased to 11

Egyptian courts ban Muslim Brotherhood activities

Preliminary statistics of Ruhani ahead of Iran

Politicians in violent flag negotiations

North Korea proposes to hold high-level talks with the United States

An Indian rape victim died in a Singapore hospital

Gunmen killed 11 foreign tourists in Pakistan

Statement by Catherine Ashton, spokesman of the European Union High Representative, on the resumption of executions in Iraq

Egypt is preparing for a large-scale demonstration

Israel agreed to release 104 Palestinian prisoners

The first Palestinian vote at the United Nations was symbolic, but historic.

The death toll from building collapse in Bangladesh increased to 580

Britain has convened a special envoy for Israeli settlements

Nevada: 2 dead, 2 injured

Hamas "Banned" Mixed Schools

The naval expert panel urged the expulsion of officers who forged the dead

The Prime Minister of Trkiye announced that he would resume his hard line stance against the demonstrators

Fact Box: What Obama's State of the Union Address Should Look for

Google "Play the International Tax Game"

Iraqi supporters of Egypt's crackdown on Morsi

Preliminary approval to ban adoption in Russia

Kosovo: 3 persons imprisoned for organ trafficking

Krishik Roshan divorced Susanne

The shooter among the seven victims of the Florida apartment shooting

Thousands of people protest against same-sex marriage in France

A car bomb has killed at least 49 people in Iraq.

Obama Suspends Syrian Strike

The air strikes wounded civilians in Deraa, Syria.

The militants killed six soldiers in northwestern Pakistan.

Two people were killed and 181 injured in the San Francisco air crash.

Workers Protest after Buildings Collapse in Bangladesh

The missing passenger was an Air Force soldier from New South Wales.

News of the deaths of Diana and Fayed Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed After receiving the news, the police are conducting further investigation.

Snowden released his first Russian video

China equities closed higher on Friday

Nadal will miss the Australian Open

India MODI promises to take a tough stance against Pakistan

Egyptian court orders Mubarak's release

American Boy Scouts Delay Voting to Cancel the Homosexuality Ban

A car explosion in northern Iraq killed 14 people.

Joran Van der Slot plans to marry in a Peruvian prison

Tokyo equities closed at 1.53%

China's stock index futures fell on January 24

Today's photo: April 11, 2013

Two Palestinians were killed in Israeli air strikes on Gaza

Jesse Jackson Jr., wife who pleaded guilty to fraud

U. The United States expelled Venezuelan diplomats

Stewart Hall admits sexual assault on children

A car accident in the Philippines killed 20 people and injured 44

Stansted: Ryanair reported an annual profit growth of 13%, but warned that the growth would slow down this year

Actions to watch out for at Thursday's closing

On the occasion of the 50th anniversary of Kennedy's death, Dallas held its first commemoration

M7.7 earthquake in southwestern Pakistan

Two explosions at the finish line of Boston Marathon

Google's share price rose more than 1000 dollars, with strong profits

Italian journalist elected president

The Governing Council approved the release of 26 Palestinian prisoners

The building in Philadelphia collapsed; Trapped person report

Obama Meets with Zuma and Salutes Mandela

US Senate to vote on gun control bill

Thirteen civilians were killed in a car bombing in the Iraqi capital

Syria Talks Agree to Provide Military Assistance to Rebels

A series of deadly attacks on Iraq

Egyptian President Declares a State of Emergency in Three Cities

The demonstrators clashed with the police in Djantalmantar, and five people were arrested.

Trkiye police fired tear gas at protesters in Istanbul

Nigerians born in Saudi Arabia are accused of terrorist activities in New York

The EU won the 2012 Nobel Peace Prize

San Fermin Bull Festival begins

Britons among victims of suicide bombings in Kabul

Former CIA agent sentenced to 30 months in prison for leaking information

Singapore equities fell 0.44%

Pakistan's UN report shows alarming levels of drug abuse

McAfee will acquire Firewall Stonesoft for US $389 million

Philippines earthquake with magnitude 7.2

Bangladesh: fugitives sentenced to death by war crimes courts  Global Voices

It is said that the murderer was shot.

No one was injured when a car bomb struck the Swedish consulate in Benghazi.

Musharraf arrested in Pakistan

Iran's nuclear negotiations in Geneva have brought great hope to the people

Twelve militants were killed in the attack in Afghanistan: Ministry of Foreign Affairs

North Korea launches short-range missile

Thai protesters block polling stations in Bangkok

Chavez: Leader of Venezuela Solidarity

NATO says North Korea's nuclear test poses a serious threat to world peace

North Korea Confirms Third Nuclear Test

India's stock market plummeted

In 2012, Macao's Olympic revenue reached a record high of 38 billion US dollars

Israelis and Palestinians start negotiations

Nelson Mandela's Death: Live Report

Some county officials have paved the way for gay marriage.

The USAF helicopter crew was killed in a British plane crash.

Tokyo won the 2020 Olympic Games

Malaysia detains Australian parliamentarians at airport

North Korea launches short-range missile

EU Ministers "Determined" to Solve the Horse Meat Scandal

The United States is increasingly concerned about Syrian chemical weapons

12 people died in a bus accident in Pakistan

The RMB fell to US $62816

Russia invites Syrian opposition to participate in talks

Egyptians voted for the new constitution

Former great British Tom Finney died at the age of 91.

The Libyan Foreign Ministry was hit by a car bomb in Benghazi

Three policemen were killed by roadside bombs in Afghanistan

Syria Holds Talks for Cameron and Putin

French troops control access to Timbuktu

NATO soldiers die in Afghanistan

Militants killed 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan

North Korea blocks access to EU industrial zone

Delhi gang rape case postponed again

Most French support Mali's military operations

Egypt's constitutional reform vote

Senate leaders appear to be approaching the US debt ceiling

Southwest China earthquake with magnitude 4.3

The Kotabato explosion killed 6 people and injured 33.

Chairman of EasyJet resigns

Japan urges the United States to quickly break the financial impasse

Suicide bombers have killed 11 people in Afghanistan.

The Senate Judiciary Committee is about to make an important final decision on the immigration bill

NATO troops were killed in an "internal attack" in Afghanistan

A man was arrested for murder after being stabbed in Suffolk.

40 people missing in a train accident in Canada

Killing Tunisian opposition leaders; The protest broke out

The chief executive of the United Nations calls for a substantial increase in aid to Syria

Wall Street stock market plummeted

Zimmerman's Protest and Appeal after the acquittal of Trevor Martin

Edward Snowden, the informer of the National Security Bureau, left Hong Kong for Moscow

The conflict in northern Lebanon resulted in two deaths and six injuries.

Venezuela's election is coming, and everyone is worried about unpredictable.

The death of the nurse made the prankster on the radio cry.

North Korea seems to have delayed the controversial rocket launch

Gates' bombing attacked the Obama administration.

Jeff Bezos paid $250 million for the Washington Post

Brooks pleaded not guilty at the wiretapping hearing.

Uncle Kim Jong Il's cleaners sent a cold message to the Korean elite

Former Prime Minister Mandela of South Africa returns to the hospital

Obama promised to implement the new health care bill.

The heavy rain caused more floods

Thousands of people protested same-sex marriage in Paris

Zambia Arrests Former Oil Trading Leader Banda

Iran starts nuclear negotiations in Geneva

Thai protesters surrounded other government departments

Amazon's Bezos bought the Washington Post for 250 million dollars

Obama encourages Boy Scouts to end the ban on homosexuality

Four people were killed by car bombs in Hezbollah stronghold in Beirut: Minister

The Arab League welcomes the agreement reached between the United States and Russia on the Syrian issue

The shooting incident in the capital of the Central African Republic caused renewed panic.

Germany is willing to help Syria complete its chemical mission

Exclusive update 1 - Egypt's pro Morsi alliance shows flexibility in negotiation

Beckham will leave the football match

Libya closes its border and imposes martial law in the south

Japan earthquake with magnitude 5.0

Laura plans to go to Nepal

Taliban Escape from Prison: 250 Militants Escape after Attacking Pakistani Prisons

A meteor hit central Russia, injuring 400 people.

A snowstorm hit the northeastern United States, blocking roads.

NATO protesters were convicted of non terrorist crimes

Obama: Congress, Global Online Reputation, Global Voice

At least 33 people were killed in Pakistan's earthquake.

Egypt's Interior Minister survived the explosion

The yuan fell to $61818 on Tuesday.

Cameron lost his right to vote in parliament in the Syrian military operation

Freeze funds of the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood

The Russian meteorite split the building.

Tony Abbott was sworn in as Prime Minister of Australia

Egyptian Army Attacks Muslim Brotherhood

Parliament meets during Chavez crisis

Syrian opposition accepts talks

Pakistani suicide bombers killed three soldiers.

Ukrainian Protesters Overthrew the Statue of Lenin

The President of Kabul Bank was sentenced for corruption

An American drone attacked North Waziristan, killing seven people.

Interruption of railway service between Raffles Square and Marina Bay

The British were jailed for 10 years for selling fake bomb detectors.

Chinese police are pursuing eight suspects

16 people were killed in a suicide bomb attack in Volgograd, Russia

A new round of attacks in Iraq resulted in 15 deaths and 90 injuries.

Kerry postponed his visit to Israel for a week.

The unemployment rate in the EU has reached a record level

Nelson Mandela's health is "unstable"

The rescue conditions forced Cyprus banks to step in one after another

Americans are eager to register Obama credit card before the deadline

Lance Armstrong admitted taking stimulants in an interview with Oprah

David Cameron: Andy Murray deserves the jazz championship

The CSI 300 Index closed on March 12

After the Benghazi incident, the head of the security department of the State Council resigned

For the first time since the controversial remarks, officials of the National Health Administration have been questioned.

Honduran Ambassador Resigns on suspicion of Carnival in the Embassy

Libya "Destroys the Latest Chemical Weapons"

Iran: Moderate Candidate Wins the Presidential Election  Global Voices

Three Afghans were killed in a new explosion at a US military base in eastern Afghanistan

A suicide bomber attacked the Egyptian army in the Sinai Peninsula, killing four people.

Positive data from the US and China boosted Asian markets

The guard of the American Embassy in Turkey was killed by a suicide bomb attack

Tens of people were injured in clashes between Mursi supporters and security forces

Taiwan M5.5 earthquake

Officer Pistorius was charged with attempted murder.

Winnie Jones revealed that he had skin cancer.

The Pakistani Taliban vowed to retaliate for killing Hakimula in the bloodshed

Syrian air strikes on bakeries have killed dozens.

Six polio workers were killed by Pakistani gunmen

A suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing.

Destruction of Syrian chemical weapons may be difficult

California Wildfire Forces Evacuate Families, University

United Nations: US drone attack violates Pakistan's sovereignty  Global Voices

Obama praised Mandela's inspiration

Kerry Welcomes the Arab Israeli Negotiation Plan

The oil company asked for information about the meeting between rogue businessmen and the minister

The death toll in Kenya bus attacks has increased to 6

Russia and Syria commit to establish a "specific" chemical weapons program

Australian Prime Minister Insists on Not Negotiating with Indonesia

Asian equities hit a three week high on expectations of US debt trading

Palestinian Prime Minister Fayyad Resigns

South Africa admitted that the deaf and dumb signer of the Mandela Memorial may have made a "mistake".

Iran is committed to maintaining its "peaceful" nuclear program

Bethlehem City.

Peacekeepers killed in the conflict Abyei

Obama: Patriot missile company, troops stationed in Jordan near the Syrian border

The stock market plummeted on the third day after the government closed

Marshall Islands votes in parliamentary elections

NATO troops were killed in an "internal attack" in Afghanistan

Israeli soldiers kill Palestinian women in the West Bank

Israeli officials confirm a second air strike in Syria

Egypt Attacks Sinai Armed Forces Again

Battle to retake northern Mali: hundreds of French soldiers repel rebels linked to Al Qaida

India: Launching tear gas at violent protesters  Global Voice

Syria and the opposition agreed in principle to participate in the peace conference

Boeing 777 crashed at San Francisco airport.

Burmese police say 13 children were killed in an electrical fire at a mosque.

Fiscal Cliff: Housing Delay Voting Fiscal Cliff Agreement - Live

Buckingham Palace Arrests a Man

"Five skiers died in an avalanche in Colorado"

Agreement on the Prohibition of the Examination of Syrian Chemical Weapons

Hospitalization of Iraqi President after stroke

Malaysia's ruling coalition wins the majority

Two explosions near the Iranian Embassy in Beirut

Police: 19 people were injured in the Nola Mother's Day shooting

Hagel defended the proposal to cut defense spending

The United States prohibits the direct transportation of liquids to Russia

Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood Supports Mursi Global Voice

The NATO attack killed 11 Afghan children.

Iranian Minister Accuses the West of Failure in Nuclear Talks

Floods forced 75000 people to flee their homes in Canada

Eight NATO soldiers died in Afghanistan

Typhoon Fito hit southeast China

The film Mandela will be released in South Africa this month.

Export polls show Putin's allies win votes in Moscow

James Holmes does not plead guilty, but the crazy choice is still under consideration

At least 13 people were killed in three car bomb attacks in Diyala, Iraq.

Chris Brown's concert was cancelled.

Apple App sends the driver to the airport

US drones killed 4 militants in Pakistan

Pope Francis leaves the Vatican to pray

In the financial impasse, the United States Senate rarely meets on Sundays

The Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood started a large-scale march

Belarus and Latvia will set up border committees

The violence in Iraq resulted in seven deaths

Protests in Brazil continue

Two Britons arrested in Sinai, Egypt, released

Revolutionary nuclear agreement between Iran and the six world powers

Israel demands responsibility for the recent colonial plans of European countries

Obama mocked his critics at the press conference.

Alan defends Farrow's allegations of abuse

1000 prisoners fled Libyan prisons

This photo shows that North Korea is ready for nuclear weapons

Foreign currency and gold March 12, 2013

A car bomb killed 20 people in Trkiye near the Syrian border.

The United Nations voted for the destruction of Syrian chemical weapons

Edward Snowden's father in Moscow

Pakistani Taliban leader killed in US drone attack

Now the militants are fighting with the Pakistani police

Supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood were killed in the Egyptian conflict

As the user base expands, Facebook's profits are also growing

Syrian envoy calls for political change to end the conflict

30 people were killed on an Italian bus

Rogers, Videotron arrive at network sharing, spectrum switching

China equities closed lower on Thursday

Bulgarian President Supports Protesters Against Early Election

Indonesia: Indonesia Volcanic Explosion Kills 6 People

Italy swears in as a new coalition government

South Africans mourn Mandela

The first time in history to teach engineering in Russia

India's stock market is booming

Election of the new President of Maldives

Egypt orders the arrest of Brotherhood leader Badi

The World Trade Center is the tallest building in the United States.

Reported by Wall Street Journal on June 25, 2013

Israel has built 1800 new settler houses

Pierce Morgan was interviewed by the police in the hacker case

Mumbai journalist gang raped: five defendants arrested

Israeli forces arrested two people in Hebron

A Pakistani woman killed by the Taliban appears in the video

Egypt's Acting President Inaugurated in the New Cabinet

The Chinese court sentenced Boli to life imprisonment for corruption.

End Syria's chemical weapons

Egypt: Egypt's repression arouses global anger and global voice

The Egyptian army fought against the Brotherhood

10 people killed in suicide bombing in Pakistan

The Shiites in Pakistan demand protection from the militants

A Spanish train driver was interrogated by a judge in a car accident.

Singapore equities closed at 0.31%

Chinese men were detained after taking the girl to a hotel.

Russia calls on the United Nations to consider investigating the use of chemical weapons in Syria

The Philippines reached a "wealth agreement" with the rebels

Emergency: the number of fire deaths in Northeast China has increased to 112

Imran Khan will run for four NA seats

Israel's major electric vehicle companies are closing

Texas coach Gary Kubiak remained stable after the crash

The Taliban commander was killed in an American drone attack.

A car bomb in northern Syria killed 20 people

North Korea closed the last direct route to South Korea

More than 70 people died in a high-speed rail accident in Spain

Egypt sentenced five Pakistanis to death for drug smuggling

The French traveler told the tragic story of the accident.

Larry Spikes, Reagan's former spokesman, died at the age of 74.

Egypt votes on a divided constitution

Obama will not go to the hospital to see Mandela's family

Wall Street shares fell due to weak profits

Three people died after the helicopter bar accident.

Nigerian Congressman accused of accepting bribes of 3 million dollars

The rupee rose 22 pesetas against the US dollar in early trading

Israel Peres Calls for the Resumption of Peace Talks

Obama will make a statement on the Syrian issue at the White House at 1:15 p.m

India equities closed lower

The United States supports actions against Syria

Tunisian cries clash with police

The death toll of influenza in China has increased to 6

The death toll of houses in Bangladesh has reached 372, and the owners have been arrested.

Syria's claim for chemical weapons raises some problems

Strong new earthquake in Pakistan

Indian army raids Pakistani military posts

Pope Benedict XVI leaves the Vatican for the last time

Vice Premier of China Meets with Governor of Australia

Brazilian Leaders Promise to Vote for Reform

Tropical Storm Andre will coast along the east coast.

Five people were killed when a train collided with an oil tanker in Indonesia

Israel Announces Housing Plan for New Settlers

Miss New York, crowned Miss America.

An Austrian man was indicted after 56 skulls were found in his home.

The US House of Representatives supports Iran to implement new sanctions before taking office

Six militants were killed by US drones in Yemen

A man set himself on fire at the National Mall in Washington.

27 people were killed in attacks across Iraq

Thousands of people protest against same-sex marriage in France

India Ink: Today Photo: March 20

Site view: the US Capitol was blocked after the shooting

Opening of Shanghai Free Trade Zone

Six people were killed and 12 injured in an explosion in northwestern Pakistan.

At least 200 people died when a building collapsed in Bangladesh.

The court upheld the death sentence for the Mekong River murderer.

Kidnapping teachers shall be punishable by imprisonment.

Pakistan school bus cylinder explosion

Seizure A North Korean ship carrying Cuban missiles

Israeli forces arrested five Palestinians in the West Bank

Despite concessions, protests are planned across Brazil

Merkel won the German election by a landslide.

Korean workers will leave the joint factory area

Benedict XVI returns to his new home and Protestant royal family

A suicide bombing at a railway station in Russia killed 14 people.

Cambodian opposition leader turns to parliament to vote

The Syrian opposition designated a delegation to participate in the talks

Obama Visits Tornado in Oklahoma

John Boehner: The financial cliff may be his curse

A car bomb in the Sinai Peninsula killed at least 10 Egyptian soldiers.

Kerry: No agreement has been reached in the nuclear negotiations with Iran

The death toll from collapsed buildings in India has risen to 72.

98 deaths in the Central African Republic after conflict

Bomb threat troops are retreating from Princeton.

Trkiye Riot: Labor Union Calls for Strike to Protest Police Suppression

Moody's raised Greece's credit rating

The Sudanese police prevented the Human Rights Commission from protesting

Russian humanitarian assistance to Syrian refugees in Lebanon

Eight soldiers were killed in an explosion in northwestern Pakistan

Nelson Mandela is hospitalized in South Africa

Pope Francis commemorates the death of immigrants at Lampedusa

Judge Adley Mansour was sworn in as interim president of Egypt

Explosions in southern Afghanistan kill nine people: officials

Kenya: two persons arrested by anti-terrorism police

Obama will implement gun control plan

Only two bombs were found in the Boston Marathon.

The United States will destroy Syria's maritime chemical weapons stockpiles

Pakistan Prime Minister Deepens Economic Relations with Sri Lanka

Ebute yuan The third floor collapsed

The bomb exploded in the shopping center of Athens, injuring two people.

An air crash in Laos killed dozens of people.

Three people were killed in a gunfight at a mall in Maryland.

"War crime": the United Nations found that sarin had been used for chemical attacks in Syria

Six people died in Mexican monster truck accident

Merkel won the German election by a landslide.

Former governor of Virginia. Bob MacDonald, wife accused of bribery

American sprinter Tyson Gay tested positive for prohibited substances

Santa Cruz Islands 6.0 earthquake

Pakistan will release a senior Taliban commander Saturday

Egyptian court orders Mubarak's release

The police gathered in the street to look for the suspect in the Boston bombing.

One person was killed and 39 injured in a traffic accident in eastern China

Bollywood is cutting costs due to the rupee crisis

Female drivers will face higher insurance premiums

Tornado, a devastating storm in the Midwest of the United States, killed 5 people

China opposes US arms sales to Taiwan

Singapore equities rose 0.11%

The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and Iran held nuclear negotiations for the first time since the Ruhani election

Chinese Premier Li Keqiang Denies US "Unwarranted" Hacker Allegations

Johar Zarnaev is charged with participating in the Boston Marathon bombing.

Today's photos

The son of a Chinese military singer was sentenced to 10 years in prison for gang rape

Police are looking for a gunman during a Mother's Day parade in New Orleans.

Egypt's Acting President Inaugurated in the New Cabinet

Pope thanks the public for their vigil in Syria

East Timor prohibits killing in martial arts schools

Afghan President Approves New Election Law

Pakistan Army Insists on Fighting Other Taliban

With the appearance of the hostage video, Morsi ruled out the possibility of negotiation in Egypt

Mandela's state funeral in South Africa

Two explosions at the finish line of Boston Marathon

Crossword puzzle - Saturday, April 27

Detailed experience of survivors of Costa Concordia Hospital one year later

Israeli Minister Calls for boycott of Kerry

Angelina Jolie and the Complex Truth of breast cancer

Suki urged all political parties to unite in the struggle.

10 Things to Know Today

White House and defense companies discuss automatic spending cuts

Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez died of cancer at the age of 58.

Arrest of Mr. Banda, former President of Zambia

US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as the New Central Bank Governor

Palestinian prisoners die of cancer and Israeli prison riots

Asian markets rose due to strong US employment data

A new round of attacks in Iraq resulted in 15 deaths and 90 injuries.

Indian police were injured and killed in a gang rape incident.

Why is the Cyprus bailout just a euro rubbish?

Bianca Ojuwu Becomes APGA Country Leader

U. The United States has not seen conclusive evidence of Syria's use of chemical weapons

The explosion in India killed five people.

Egypt: Vice President of the Muslim Brotherhood Arrested, Global Voices

At least 75 people died in a strong earthquake in western China.

Snowden Thanks Russia for Asylum

US Senate Confirms Yellen as the Next Chairman of the Federal Reserve

French troops occupied the main cities

Boston suspects are buried in Virginia Cemetery.

A tornado swept through downtown Oklahoma, killing five people, including mothers and babies.

Nevada: 2 dead, 2 injured

Palestinian President wants Israelis to talk about peace

Malala leaves the British hospital

A man and a woman were found dead in the swimming pool of the Essex Hotel.

Pakistan condemns US drone attack on Milazawa

Residents return to Fallujah

South Africa Unites to Pray and Sing for Nelson Mandela

Ahmadinejad may face charges for his campaign

Strengthen scientific ties between China and Portugal

Singapore equities rose 0.5%

The new glory of China's rejuvenation

Apple shares fell 11%, with disappointing yields.

EU lifts sanctions on Zimbabwe diamonds

Occupied Palestinian Territory: Palestinian people Nowhere to go

50 survivors found in a factory in Bangladesh

Egypt is trying to attract investors...

The United States and Russia reach an agreement on the issue of Syrian weapons

Hamas senior officials denied coordinating peace talks between Gaza and the Palestinians

Cambodian opposition rejects Hun Sen's election

Obama Cancels Meeting with Putin

KL inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory inventory

At least 10 people died after the US drone attack on Pakistan.

Egyptian court rejected Mubarak's request for release

Francois Hollande threatened legal action

At least 47 Iranian exiles were killed in Ashraf camp in Iraq

Pistorius Police Department has seven counts of attempted murder

Israel's credibility on the Iranian nuclear issue

Electing judges to lead voters to vote for the Egyptian Constitution

Richard Sen, former governor of New Mexico, urged North Korea to ban nuclear tests

A helicopter crashed in London.

Jakarta prays for the subway to ease traffic chaos

Japanese and North Korean military aircraft ignore China's new defense zone

Typhoon "Popa" killed 15 people in southern Philippines

Car bombs attacked Hezbollah strongholds in Lebanon.

South Korean Opposition Candidates Narrow the Poll Gap

8 dead and 11 missing in southwest landslide

The Senate confirmed Janet Yellen as the next Federal Reserve Chairman

Pakistani Taliban leader Mahmoud Mehsud was killed in a drone attack

At least 47 people were killed in the explosion in Cuba.

Britain sees evidence that Assad may use chemical weapons

The death toll of Algerian hostages increased

France prepares ground operations in Mali

Former FM Freeman testified.

The number of deaths caused by storms increases with the wind and rain in the north.

Pakistan Releases Seven Afghan Taliban Soldiers

Legalization of same-sex marriage in New Zealand

Meteorologist Fred Talbot is skeptical of "sexual violence".

Six people were killed in a drone attack in Pakistan.

The collapse of buildings in India killed 14 people; Dozens of people trapped

Syrian rebels claimed responsibility for the killings in Lebanon

Syrian army attacks rebel controlled cities

Israel released 26 other Palestinian prisoners

More than 70 people were killed in the conflict at a rally in Mursi, Egypt

Thai protesters "hitchhiking" in Bangkok

Spanish train driver Jason Garson is being interrogated by a judge.

France welcomes the agreement reached between the United States and Russia on the Syrian issue

British soldiers were killed in an "internal attack" in Afghanistan.

The stampede in Ivory Coast killed 61 people

Glasgow helicopter accident: at least 6 people died

The Taliban denied participating in the Boston Marathon

Swiss tourists are gang raped in India

India issues a red alert against Cyclone Philips

Student discipline is the key to motivation

Many people were killed in Syrian air strikes.

The Indian government rejects the proposal to shut down the fuel pump at night

Clinton returned to work to witness the attacks in Benghazi

Tens of thousands of people lined up to vote in Bhutan

Afghan President Extends Visit to Pakistan and Taliban Talks

The thief stole the wheelchair from the swimmer in the channel.

Three people were killed in the Tiananmen Square air crash.

Singapore equities rose on Thursday

Obama will urge Congress to take action on economic issues

Two earthquakes occurred in China, killing 89 people.

The white mob was sentenced to life imprisonment for extortion and murder

Officials say the Kenyan army caused the collapse of the shopping center.

Egypt's Islamic parties unite to participate in the election

Building collapse in Bangladesh: 580 deaths

The Algerian hostage crisis ended in blood

Egypt: Children lost their lives in the Cairo conflict  Global Voice

South Africa: Mandela is still in hospital

RMB rose to a new high against the US dollar

The police arrested the murderer in Los Angeles.

Trkiye riot police enter Taksim Square

The Chicago shooting exposed loopholes in security enhancement

Guatemala was convicted of genocide for overthrowing a former dictator

North Korea launched two rockets

Prince Charles compares Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler

Nearby explosion Damascus Military Airport

Greek Prime Minister accused the coalition government of hypocrisy

Egypt: Conflict between Police and Mursi Protesters  Global Voices

Senior Diplomats Discuss Iran's Nuclear Program

Snowden is leaving Moscow.

Pakistan celebrates World Press Freedom Day

EU Foreign Minister Seeks to Solve the Syrian Arms Issue

The death toll from the Philippines earthquake rose to 144.

Actions observed on Monday

US drones killed 4 militants in Pakistan

Cairo police fired tear gas at demonstrators.

Recovery after a strong typhoon in the Philippines

Iran is cautiously optimistic about future nuclear negotiations

Flamenco Gita Papaco de Lucia, Spain, died at the age of 66.

Chinese search engines found "suspicious objects".

Snowden encountered obstacles in applying for asylum

Four people died when a building collapsed in southern India

Pakistan rejects charges against FBI agents

Pakistani Prisoners Attacked in Jammu and Kashmir Prison

Five people were injured in a car accident in Gaza

With the reduction of protests, the security forces of the Thai military government remain in the military barracks.

Spanish Prime Minister Refuses to Resign Due to Corruption Scandal

Two explosions in rocky cities in northern Lebanon

Pakistan wants to stop supply Syrian weapons

Gunmen "killed 15 people" in the second attack in Kenya.

US Coast Guard suspended search for missing British crew

An Iraqi car bomb killed at least 14 people near the church.

Egyptian army starts to clean up the protest camp supporting Morsi

Nobel laureate Doris Lessing has died at the age of 94.

Zimbabwe's opposition MDC challenges Mugabe to win the election

Boston police said three people were arrested in the Marathon bombing.

Ukrainian Protesters Overthrew the Statue of Lenin

Rugby Association of South Africa pays tribute to Mandela

Asian equities fell, while technology stocks fell

World Briefing | Asia: Myanmar: Deadly Outbreak of Anti Muslim Violence

US drone attack killed 5 people in Pakistan

The information on Tuesday, October 29, 2013 must be read

The explosion in southwestern Pakistan killed two people and injured dozens.

The New York Police Department's Twitter campaign backfired.

The search in Turkey ended with the discovery of the last missing miner.

Preliminary agreement on the resumption of Palestinian Israeli negotiations

BAFTAS 2013: Olivier Coleman won two awards

The Titanic violin cost 1.7 million dollars.

Ankit Chawan was released on bail.

JAL ordered 31 Airbus A350 aircraft at a price of 9.5 billion US dollars

Siena Miller Attacks Media in Hacker Attack

Settlers beat Palestinians in Jerusalem

Nigeria withdraws the accusation of smuggling weapons against Russian sailors

The House of Representatives will vote on the proposal to reopen the government.

Cory Montais found dead: Canadian celebrity Le Estall 31

Beirut: The Prime Minister of Lebanon, more than 10 months after taking office yesterday, formed a cabinet composed of a wide range of political groups, most of which are very different

Iran's presidential candidate says western sanctions should be lifted

Veterans' health survey confirms that delayed treatment is hidden

The oldest person in the world died at the age of 116.

Mobile World Congress Future Smartphone

45 people were killed in a car bomb attack in Lebanon, and one suspect was arrested

Greek far right leader jailed pending trial

Bangladesh factory owner arrested

Three Egyptian soldiers were killed in a car explosion in the Sinai Peninsula

China sends aircraft carriers to the South China Sea

Egyptian Court Temporarily Releases Mubarak's Illegal Income

Merkel: Russia's actions may lead to disaster

Nelson Mandela died at the age of 95.

The abdication of King Albert II of Belgium

The Nazi leader was buried in a Jewish cemetery.

Switzerland's vote on the world's highest and lowest wages

Kevin Rudd swears in as Australia's new prime minister

With the escalation of the anti government riots, the leaders of Thailand's protests said, "Come and pick me up."

Actress Karen Black died of cancer.

Crowne Street Star Cheers for the New "Amazing" Group

The Red Sox defeated the Tigers 5-2 at the World Championships

China's earthquake killed at least 89 people.

The new iPad is coming soon.

The death toll from the earthquake increased to 260.

Beckham will leave the football match

Eight Afghan soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb

Kim Jong il is believed to be behind his uncle's dismissal

China is no longer a major investment destination: survey

Tehelka's editor resigned due to sexual misconduct

Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher died at the age of 87.

Thousands of Mursi supporters gathered in Egypt

United Nations condemns genocide in South Sudan

We allow girls of any age to take contraceptives in the morning and evening

The police fired tear gas at the demonstrators.

Thai protesters disrupt early voting

China's stock index futures closed higher on December 4

Syrian soldiers were killed in the explosion

Israeli gunboats opened fire on Palestinian fishermen

Ukrainian protesters overthrow a statue of Lenin in Kiev

Iran says it found damage to its nuclear facilities

On Monday, the yuan rose to 6.168 against the US dollar.

Protests in Ukraine continued despite concessions

Queen Elizabeth II visited the barracks of British soldiers who died last week

India said that China has agreed to withdraw its troops on the de facto border, which is a confrontational agreement.

The police confirmed how the suspect was captured.

The Syrian army recaptured the historic crusader castle

Saudi Arabia will allocate US $3 billion to the Lebanese army

Kidnapping members of the Syrian Red Cross

Syria: Cameron and Obama Approaching the Voice of Western Intervention in the World

The Queen Names the Giant Aircraft Carrier

A truck in a prison in Bangladesh was ambushed

The wreckage of Algerian Airlines flight AH5017 was found in Mali

The Arab League supports the Palestinian position in the peace negotiations

Alaska Air Crash 10 Dead

70 retailers agreed to sign new plant safety agreements in Bangladesh

The government closed down due to medical disputes

A suicide bomb attack in the Afghan capital has killed one person.

China's first lunar mission

EU Finance Ministers Meeting...

Australia cut interest rates to an all-time low of 2.75%

10 Chinese ships waiting for jet search

Classic crossword puzzle Saturday, April 20

North Korea launches short-range missile

A Palestinian diplomat was killed in an explosion in Prague

Arrest the South Korean ferry captain

Chinese President Meets with US Secretary of State

Hackney shooting: a girl Cherika Marsh was shot in the neck and bled

The number of violent deaths in Egypt increased to 638.

China sends rescue teams to the Philippines

France lost influence in Europe

Nelson Mandela died at the age of 95.

Britain's debt time bomb: 9 million people are "in debt"

Two explosions at the finish line of Boston Marathon

A bomb explosion in eastern India killed five people.

New Cold War?

Cuba's "lady" will win the European Union Prize in eight years

Two people were killed in a parachute accident in Arizona.

Assad agreed to hand over his chemical weapons

At least 200 people died when a building collapsed in Bangladesh.

Israel found the bodies of three missing teenagers in the West Bank

The world mourns Mandela's death

Explosion near Iranian Embassy in Beirut

Singapore equities began to fall on Monday

Thirteen Iraqi recruits were killed by suicide bombers in Baghdad

Starbucks deaf and dumb customers were prosecuted for being ridiculed.

Thousands of people were evacuated after the Moscow subway fire.

The Brazilian stadium collapsed, killing three people.

At least five people were killed in sectarian clashes in northern Yemen.

Many people were killed in Syrian air strikes.

Brazilian Congress Approves Internet Legislation

Canadians released in Egypt have not returned home

Crimean parliament voted for Russia

Muslims hidden in cults...

Indian minister was killed in a frontal collision

Blackberry lost $965 million in the second quarter

Response to the prospect of Syrian military operations

Russia is ready to raise objections to Ukraine

No agreement on Iran's nuclear negotiations

The United States believes that the Syrian government has used chemical weapons

Pakistan opposition boycotts presidential election

The Syrian regime released hundreds of prisoners

Israel says it and the United States conducted joint missile tests in the Mediterranean.

3 airports closed due to volcanic eruption

The attacks in Iraq resulted in two deaths and 11 injuries.

Ukrainian opposition demands Yanukovych's resignation

16 bombs in eastern Afghanistan

Investigators are investigating the cause of the shooting at Los Angeles Airport

Anger of a 6-year-old Indian girl who was raped at school

The Senate confirmed Janet Yellen as Chairman of the Federal Reserve

The world powers are seeking minor progress in Iran's nuclear negotiations

The army gained the upper hand in Egypt

Five people were killed in a Canadian railway collision

The continuing impact of bin Laden's attacks on shopping centers in Kenya

Obama took a selfie at Mandela's funeral

Obama Meets with Israeli and Palestinian Negotiators

Russian Court Bails Greenpeace Doctor

Russian Embassy in Libya evacuated after the attack

US drones killed 14 people in a wedding convoy in Yemen

China's manufacturing expansion in September

Facebook will test mobile payment service

Today, April 23

UN passes resolution on Syrian chemical weapons

12 people died due to coal mine collapse in Indonesia

Greek militant groups claimed to have murdered Kim Liming.

Crimean Army Attacks Ukrainian Naval Headquarters

Sevo ferry disaster: the body of a South Korean shipping tycoon is found

Nelson Mandela is much better.

Ukraine exerts pressure on the Kiev conflict

An American reconnaissance plane is involved in the pursuit of a kidnapped Nigerian girl

Prince George was baptized in London

PYTHON will assemble on the stage

The Belgian Prime Minister expressed condolences to the victims

Ryder: Video: Armed men take firemen hostage in Georgia

Manning WikiLeaks case enters the trial stage

Egypt holds key constitutional vote

Iran has reached a nuclear agreement with the world's major powers

Israel lists Jerusalem residents as non citizens

Zimbabwe: serious concerns about elections

India's stock market is booming

Celebrities pay tribute to James Garner

Southwest flight was delayed and cancelled due to computer failure.

The Vatican Embassy in Syria was bombed by mortars; No one was injured.

North Korea blocked access to major industrial areas

Gunmen killed 11 foreign tourists in Pakistan

Western powers compete to make friends with Modi

Hong Kong will hold a large democratic rally

Suicide bomb attack on an Iraqi primary school, killing 15 people

Nine children were killed in attacks in Afghanistan

Five people were killed by the volcanic eruption in Indonesia.

A bomb explosion in Iraq has killed at least 66 people.

Egypt announces long-awaited presidential election law

The son of Warren, a famous American evangelist, committed suicide

Four people were killed in a train derailment in New York.

Russia says it is launching ballistic "objects" into the Mediterranean

Typhoon Haiyan Approaches the Philippines

Thai bonds are the best in the region

Christie Global Warming Survey

Obama and O'Brien expressed their views at a press conference held at the White House in Washington.

The suspect in the Boston bombings is accused of lying in a hospital bed.

Asian markets collapse due to fear of central bank stimulus

Kimura Jilong: The oldest person in the world died at the age of 116

Singapore exchange rate

Colorado's wildfires are probably the biggest property destroyers in the state's history.

Thailand earthquake of magnitude 6

Pakistan Holds Direct Talks with Taliban

News on terrorism and the Palestinian Israeli conflict (July 31 to August 6, 2013)

UN Secretary General: The inspectors need four days to complete their investigation into Syria

Iran's nuclear exploration "spent more than 100 billion dollars in Tehran"

German factory orders rebounded in January

Armed personnel surrounded the Libyan Foreign Ministry to advance these demands.

The death toll in Egypt increased to 638.

Ugandan President signs tough anti gay bill

Russia does not intend to integrate southeast Ukraine: fm

WikiLeaks soldier Bradley Manning was acquitted for helping the enemy

Ukraine fears Russian invasion

The rock band's plane made an emergency landing when he was ill.

Russia warns not to impose preconditions on Syria

A judge in the United States approved a mandatory hunger strike for prisoners in California.

16 deaths in Venezuelan prisons

The death of American troops in Afghanistan

Palestinians: We don't want Kerry's mission to fail

Tropical storm Karen is ready to land

The Irish poet and Nobel laureate Simmons Hiney has died at the age of 74.

Bangladeshi Islamists rally calls for action against atheist blogs

A Malaysia Airlines plane crashed on the border between Ukraine and Russia.

Suicide bombers killed at least four people in Kabul.

Weiner came fourth in the New York Mayor's poll.

Differences between the Senate and the House of Representatives on border financing

Sudan releases Christian women sentenced to death for treason

The wife of Secretary of State John Kerry was taken to hospital.

Kerry Meets with Israeli Leaders to Promote Middle East Peace

North Korea Proposes Negotiations: The Complex May Reopen

Egyptian court orders Mubarak's release

Suicide bomb attack in the old city of the Syrian capital killed four people

A week later: Boston commemorates the victims of the bombing; The suspect cannot speak.

American tourists are gang raped in northern India: police

The UN Security Council condemns the deadly terrorist attack in Kenya's capital

Cyprus investigates Ukrainian assets

Nkolia executed Kim Jong Un's uncle.

Merkel will participate in the World Cup finals

Mandela is still in intensive care.

Crew members of Sevo Ferry face trial

Egyptians voted for the new constitution

US drones killed 4 militants in Pakistan

China Expands Search to Missing Aircraft

Cricket England 155-4 vs Australia, Fourth Tea Test

Curiosity rover celebrates its first anniversary on Mars

A 6.9 magnitude earthquake hit the coast of California.

India Ink: Today Photo: January 16

Australian Prime Minister Gillard was ousted in the leadership election.

Pakistan condemns violence in Egypt

General Form for Parents' Enrollment

When was Prince George baptized? Baptism plan, godfather and godmother of royal baby and all details

Newspaper article on November 19, 2013

Google is redesigning search results on PCs

Bomb attacks on Hizbullah in southern Beirut

EU imposes new Ukraine sanctions on Russia

North Korea and South Korea break the silence through talks

Hezbollah urges the election of Lebanon's new president

Algerian President to undergo physical examination after stroke in France

As the siege of shopping centers in Kenya continues, the death toll is rising

Manchester City won the Premier League championship

MH17 victim returns to Netherlands

Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai attack

Before Iran's nuclear negotiations, the oil price fell below $108.

38 people died in a fire in a Russian psychiatric hospital

Historical UN Arms Treaty

Obama Day: Syrian Prime Time

North Korea has closed its latest ties with South Korea and banned the joint industrial park

China equities closed lower on Thursday

The court ordered a political injunction against Berlusconi, Italy

WHO: New virus may spread from person to person

Nelson Mandela returned to the hospital in a serious but stable condition.

The death toll from the Mexican storm continues to rise

British Prime Minister Condemns Killing Teenagers

The Taliban bombed American bases in Afghanistan

Tottenham live to Manchester City!

Business News and Market: June 20, 2013

Iran, a world power, is committed to new nuclear negotiations

Tropical Storm Karen weakened along the US Gulf Coast.

76 people died when buildings collapsed in Bangladesh

North Korea launches short-range missile

Three people are killed by bombs in northwest Pakistan

Malaysia Airlines flight to Beijing is missing.

Microsoft will license 18,000 people

Malaysia Election: Malaysians Vote under Power for the First Time

The fire destroyed Tibetan cities in China.

Yahoo will acquire Tumblr for 1.1 billion dollars

Indian voters held the world's largest election

Syrian air strikes have killed at least 18 people in Aleppo.

The Philippines earthquake killed 85 people.

The search for missing persons has been reduced.

Ugandan President Museveni Agrees to Sign the Anti gay Bill

Champion trophy: India vs South Africa

Supreme Court hears Michigan affirmative action

Headlines of Iran's major newspapers on November 21

The evacuation of Hurricane Flynn has enabled Indian villagers to survive.

An American drone killed two people in eastern Afghanistan.

Thousands of people gathered in Tunisia to support the Islamic government

Nelson Mandela was taken to hospital

Two explosions at the finish line of Boston Marathon

At least 18 people were killed in an explosion at a railway station in the North Caucasus.

Winter Storm Jenas: State...

Iraqi officials: 50 bodies found south of Baghdad

35 people were killed by bombs in the Christian district of Baghdad

The thefourthday of Bocillai trial in China

Muslims pray to end the division

Separatists shot down Ukrainian military aircraft, killing several people.

Thousands of white Amsterdam paraded for MH17

Islamic Seminar Suspected of US UAV Attacks on Pakistan

Obama Visits Tornado in Oklahoma

GE announces a 9% drop in third quarter profit

RMB rose to a new high against the US dollar

Russia convicted the dead lawyer Magnitsky in a postmortem trial.

Travin Martin can...

Chinese ships enter disputed island waters

The Kerry plan includes the release of prisoners and the freezing of settlements

Suicide bomb attack in Kabul diplomatic region

Erdogan of Trkiye will repair Iran's relations after differences arise on the Syrian issue

Manmohan hopes to reach a nuclear agreement with Japan

Despite the tense situation, the embassy in North Korea remained motionless.

Obama will meet Mandela's family

Attacks in Somalia have killed at least 20 people.

Volcanic eruption in the Philippines killed 5 people

Israel shot down a Lebanese drone

Syrian opposition confirms participation in peace talks

Violent conflict commemorates the anniversary of the Egyptian uprising

Three policemen were killed by roadside bombs in southern Afghanistan

CCTV: York's liar pretends to be a woman to cheat retirees

Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro was found hanging in his cell.

Google launches the concept of self driving car

149 people died when a garment factory collapsed in Bangladesh

After Iran reached an agreement, Hegel tried to appease tense Gulf allies

Pope launches war in Syria and sells weapons

Musharraf's first appearance in Pakistan

The Syrian Muslim Brotherhood faces a difficult battle

India Goes to Mars

Israel's control of the West Bank has cost the Palestinian economy billions of dollars.

The boiler factory in Washington is preparing for historic sales.

Rio de Janeiro Airport Workers Strike on the eve of the World Cup

Egypt Arrests Muslim Brotherhood Leader Badi

Revolutionary nuclear agreement between Iran and the six world powers

Hot air balloon "fire and impact"

World Federation Mandela Memorial

Indonesians vote for president in fierce competition

KL shares continued to rise in the afternoon

Reported by Wall Street Journal on October 10, 2013

Amazon Launches New Fire TV Streaming Video Box

Palestinians arrested for sexual harassment of girls

Obama to Meet with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in Trouble

Last Friday, the yuan rose to $61070 against the US dollar.

The United States welcomes the agreement of Ukraine; Specific measures required

Syrian rebels are suspicious of chemical weapons trade

South Korea Demands Negotiations with North Korea on Closing Nuclear Power Plants

Telstra applied for listing on Chinese websites in New York

Headlines of Iran's major newspapers on August 18

The King of Belgium delivered a speech to the whole country during the speculation about abdication

The hijacked plane landed in Geneva.

Waka Younis again coach Pakistan

Saudi Arabia urges the United Nations to take action against Israeli attacks on Syria

Peruvian protesters clashed with police.

A new round of attacks in Iraq resulted in 15 deaths and 90 injuries.

Indian master arrested for rape

The Supreme Court of Ukraine rejected the independence of Crimea on the ground that the independence of Crimea was "unconstitutional".

The cabinet is in a state of war for arming Syrian rebels

Hong Kong equities rose 2.33%

The attacks in Iraq resulted in 43 deaths and 86 injuries.

Rape in India

Iran's nuclear agreement was reached after decades of debate.

The Ministry of Labor will issue an announcement on Monday

Snowden believed that there was "no chance" to get a fair trial in the United States.

Headlines of major Iranian newspapers on July 6

Indian minister was killed in a frontal collision

The Queen Meets the Prince of New England

The President of Ukraine calls for the conclusion of negotiations

After the accident, the national entertainment facility operator was arrested

Records show that the evacuation of the ferry was chaotic.

Wall Street closed slightly lower

Russia: Syria Agrees to Participate in the Conference  Global Voices

Britain refuses to take military action in Syria

New Zealand voted to legalize same-sex marriage

Singapore equities rose 0.41%

Senegalese President Visits China

In the refugee camps in Cairo, protesters are digging and continuing to live

Malaysia Airlines' missing plane crashed in Vietnam.

Malaysia Airlines' investigation of the missing co pilot

Celebrities pay tribute to James Garner

Los Angeles Airport Staff Accused of 9/11 Threat

The message on Friday, August 23, 2013 must be read

Ronaldo's hat trick qualified Portugal for the World Cup.

Prince Philip is hospitalized in England.

Japan's Hearing on Tax Increase Proposal

A bomb attack on a school in southern Thailand killed two people.

Passengers killed on an Italian bus

Strong new earthquake in Pakistan

Syrian opposition proposes a truce for Assad's troops during Ramadan

At least 60 people died in attacks on Iraqi prisons

Officials said the men who attacked Simon spent four months planning the attack in Nairobi.

U. The UN Security Council calls for an unconditional ceasefire in Gaza

Taiwan M6.7 earthquake: CENC

China equities closed lower on Wednesday

Thirteen civilians were killed in a car bombing in the Iraqi capital

Ukrainian protesters overthrow a statue of Lenin in Kiev

Canadian government "monitors" train explosion

"No plan" to resettle Syrian refugees in Britain

Gonsalves continued to put pressure on the DOM representative.

RMB fell to US $61510

US: Israel will delay the release of Palestinian prisoners

Supporters of Morsi march in Egypt

Trkiye's Prime Minister told supporters to prepare for the rally

The bodies of missing teenagers in the West Bank

Australian spy President of Indonesia: report

Putin speaks in Ukraine, protesters are rebuilding roadblocks

Griff Rees Jones: Mel Smith is "the power of life".

Two people died and nine were injured when buildings collapsed in France

China equities closed lower on Thursday

India Ink: Today Photo: March 4

52 people died in Pakistan and Afghanistan, Asian Muslims celebrate Eid al Fitr

Russian Foreign Minister Meets with the Secretary General of the United Nations

Sudanese protesters demand regime overthrow

Iraqi troops claim victory in Tikrit

The Democratic Party is divided on the strike in Syria

Israel and Hamas reportedly agreed to a 12 hour ceasefire

A fire broke out at a bus station in South Korea, killing seven people.

Three NATO soldiers died in Afghanistan

Egypt: Protesters attacked the headquarters of the Muslim Brotherhood  Global Voices

Tokyo shares rose 0.52% at the opening

Australia: Australia sends asylum seekers back to Sri Lanka

The body of the crocodile victim was found.

A new explosion in Russia has killed 10 people.

Cory Montes, the star of the Glee, was found dead.

The Kenyan Red Cross says the death toll has risen to 68

Tokyo equities closed at 0.75%

Iran Khamenei Reaffirmed Support for Nuclear Talks

Trkiye police fought with the demonstrators and cleaned up the square.

Defensive medical card scheme for HSE principal

Italy's centre left split in the presidential election

Israeli troops kill Palestinians in attacks in the West Bank

The number of violent deaths in Egypt increased to 638.

Syrian opposition forced to participate in talks

GM will accept the recall refund application from August 1

Syrian rebels: We killed Hezbollah members in Lebanon

Georgian billionaire's ally Prime Minister elected President - box office survey

The first case of SARS, a respiratory disease similar to SARS, has been reported in North America.

EU lists Hizbullah military factions as terrorists

Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear agreement

Newspaper article on August 19, 2013

9 tourists were killed by Pakistani gunmen

46 Indian nurses left in Iraq returned

The governor of California announced that a drought was imminent due to the persistent forest fire.

A 3-year-old Palestinian woman was killed in an Israeli attack.

Eleven children were killed in an explosion in Syria

When our building collapsed, two people were trapped.

Ukraine will not yield to Crimea

China returns 10 children kidnapped from Vietnam

The United States has not yet concluded that Syria has used chemical weapons - White House

Kerry is committed to making progress after his recent intensive trip to the Middle East.

Armed men killed three Lebanese soldiers near Syria.

Coordinate rib operation time

Iran's nuclear negotiations entered a critical third day

Protests swept Brazil despite concessions.

Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd will conduct a public opinion survey on September 7

Britain: Iran's nuclear negotiations have entered a critical stage - Global Voices

Bangladesh: Upgraded repression before elections

Obama directly opposes Putin on Ukraine

Vote to legalize marijuana

Mandela was hospitalized on the third day

Korean Conspiracy: Exercise of Power

Margaret Thatcher died at the age of 87.

Chinese President Arrives in Venezuela for a State Visit

As part of the resumption of peace talks, Israel released Palestinian prisoners

Photographer Sky News was killed in Egypt

The stock rose slightly at the beginning of trading

The jury selection began with Zimmerman's trial.

Iran's nuclear negotiations extended to November 24

The suspect in Boston was buried.

Buildings collapsed in India, killing 25 people.

US equities fell on manufacturing data

Five people accused of terrorism

US government shuts down: Obama told Republicans that if they want to negotiate, they will remove the threat to the US economy

Officials said there was no indication that Russia was withdrawing troops from the Ukrainian border.

Fuji Malaysia Law School Update time: 3:00 p.m

Glasgow helicopter crash: female passengers are victims

Price of the day

Mandela was discharged ten days later.

The remains of Winchester may be Alfred the Great.

Israel Releases 26 Palestinian Prisoners

Two paratroopers were killed by parachute jumping in Arizona.

"Iron Man" jet is worrisome

Israel Releases 26 Palestinian Prisoners

France urges the EU to unite on the Syrian issue

Mom said the suspects in Boston were under FBI surveillance.

China's anger at North Korea quells fears of US sneak attacks

The RMB fell to US $61705

Male, 40 years old, arrested after shooting

Kita Wins Mali's Presidential Election

Indian army killed the armed commander in Indian controlled Kashmir

A car bomb in northwestern Pakistan killed 40 people.

Iran Calls for the Quick Release of Diplomats

Texas House of Representatives temporarily approves abortion law

North Korea "fired 100 shells" into the sea

A woman was killed in a fire in Cork.

Syrian missiles killed 26 people, including 8 children

The nomination of Ghana TV's Most Influential Award was announced

Indian Ink: Today's picture: May 2

France confirms that two French journalists were killed in Mali

Gunmen attacked hotels in remote provinces of Pakistan

Israel and Hamas agree to a temporary ceasefire

China's online population has increased to 618 million

China's factory fire killed 119 people, and angry families demanded answers.

Iran Rejects Nuclear Weapon Requirements for Nuclear Power Plants

The minister's wife's death was unnatural.

Four people were killed and 30 injured in a railway collision near Moscow

Ready to go home: the last victim of the Boston bombing leaves the hospital

02:41156 people died in the earthquake in China

Afghan President Delays Signing US Agreement

50 pence rate: what you need to know

Iran calls on Syria to take risks in civil war and peace talks

An explosion was heard near the Afghan presidential palace.

Imran of Pakistan accused the opposition of killing members of the Communist Party

Retailers support the Bangladesh Factory Safety Convention

The man set himself on fire in the national shopping center and was taken to hospital.

Japan Defends Dolphin Hunting after Criticism from the United States

Four people were killed when a bomb exploded before an opposition rally in India.

The death toll from typhoon in the Philippines has exceeded 5000.

Chavez's successor Maduro won Venezuela's presidency

At least 12 people were killed in suicide attacks in northern Iraq.

China's Top Political Adviser Meets with the President of Yemen

The Palestinian ambassador was injured in an apartment explosion.

Ukrainian leaders promised to negotiate on the crisis

A series of attacks in Iraq killed 16 people.

NATO Strengthens Military Presence under Russian Threat

The United States suspects Syria of using chemical weapons

Iran's nuclear experts from world powers will resume negotiations next week

Egyptian court sentenced Muslim Brotherhood leader to life imprisonment

At least six people died in a train crash in Paris.

Chinese President Meets with Indian Vice President

AstraZeneca will acquire Bristol with $4.1 billion of diabetes risk

An Australian icebreaker arrived in eastern Antarctica for new rescue.

Egypt will further discuss the loan issue with the International Monetary Fund next week

Israel launches ground offensive in Gaza

Ehud Olmert was sentenced to six years in Israel

The mediator apologized to the Syrians for the lack of progress in peace

New clashes between Ukrainian protesters and police

Seven things about ethanol

China equities closed lower on Monday

William Hague: It is wise for the United States to decide to stop missile testing

A fire in Beijing killed 10 people.

China India Cross border Waterway Agreement

Venezuela expels three US diplomats

Heavy fog hit cities in northern China and flights were cancelled.

Russia says it is launching ballistic "objects" into the Mediterranean

Seven kidnappers died in southern Nigeria

Style conflict in court leads to young people's death

Islamic militants killed nine foreign tourists and one Pakistani

Stolen skull found in the National Museum

Egypt Attacks Sinai Rebels

At least one person died and 40 were hospitalized in the southwest heat wave.

Detroit is eligible for bankruptcy protection

Nobel laureate Doris Lessing died.

Israel allows new settlements to be built before peace talks

The funeral of the Taliban leader in Pakistan will be held soon

09:32 Putin signed the agreement on annexation of Crimea

The Federal Aviation Administration lifted the ban on flights from the United States to Tel Aviv



Police crack down on illegal tobacco groups

Obama said he was willing to discuss the budget with Republicans.

investigation Suspected use Syria's chemical weapons

Edge crack of old TV line

United Nations: Iran Invited to the Peace Conference on Syria

Starbucks paved the way for employees to obtain university degrees

Utah Football Referee Killed by a Player

Malawi's new president is sworn in after disputed elections

Israel criticizes the Palestinian position towards settlers

18 civilians were killed by bombs in Afghanistan

Typhoon Haiyan: The World Helps the Philippines

Palestinian militants detained in Israeli attacks

Syria Assad Promises to Comply with UN Resolutions

South Korean President Apologizes for Ferry Disaster

American Chris Horner Wins Spanish Tour

Obama plans to take limited military action in Syria

The driver returned to his mother's house, picked up the baby's stroller and left.

Spanish princess testifies in a historic fraud investigation

The Senate approved the appointment of Obama as a key appeal court judge

The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights pressed Egypt on the detention of Morsi

The Senate confirmed Janet Yellen as the next Federal Reserve Chairman

Syrian rebels are fighting in the north

Mayawati Calls on the President to Govern Jammu and Kashmir

Ugandan President signs tough anti gay bill

Protests in Thailand have been exacerbated by stones and tear gas.

Boston suspects are buried in Virginia Cemetery.

Six people were killed when a restaurant exploded in the Philippines.

Chinese Military Newspaper Attacks US Prism Plan

Silvio Berlusconi was expelled from parliament

A car explosion in Bahrain killed two people.

Russia warned that if Ukraine's interests were attacked, it would "react".

The new trial of Mubarak was postponed to June.

Egyptian protesters ignored cabinet threats

The couple held their first scientific wedding in Britain.

The Emir of Qatar granted power to his son Tamim

The death toll from typhoon in the Philippines has exceeded 5000.

Egypt is preparing for Friday's anger after a bloody crackdown

The Red Sox beat the Tigers at the World Championships.

Chinese lunar landing robot

The Ukrainian Parliament voted to recall the President

Venezuelan parliamentarians bicker over elections

North Korea warns not to evacuate foreigners to South Korea

South Korean ferry captain arrested.

When the American bridge collapsed, the car rushed into the river.

So far, more than 100,000 people have died in Syria

Communist rebels killed eight Filipino policemen

Egypt Mursi is on trial for breaking out of prison

Iran's nuclear negotiations entered a critical third day

The Thai army declared martial law and denied the coup

A woman died on a roller coaster at an amusement park in Texas.

Nobel laureate Doris Lessing died.

The typhoon hit the Philippines, killing at least 100 people.

India's first ATM Postal Savings Bank opened in Chennai

Israel agreed to a 24-hour ceasefire in Gaza

Indonesia Island 6.9 earthquake

A British stuntman was killed in a wing accident in the Alps.

What prompted India to vote? Debate on Jaipur Literature Festival

White Diamond was sold at a record US $34 million auction in Hong Kong

Malaysia: China's Satellite Discovery of Marine Objects  Global Voices

Hamas Calls on Hezbollah to Withdraw from Syria

China welcomes the US and Russia to reach an agreement on the Syrian chemical weapons issue

13: 23 PSNI "Family members of failed RUC officials"

Share prices fell slightly after profit taking by retailers

A Glasgow police helicopter crashed over a bar.

The United States and the United Nations exert pressure on Israel in Gaza

In the afternoon, Australia's confident voice came from Flight 370

Mandela's condition "worsened in the past 48 hours"

Philip ascends the divided Belgian throne

The Anti Corruption Party of India forms a government in Delhi

The Spanish government approved strict restrictions on abortion

UN urges Syrian gas company to attack inspection

Shooting at the residence of the German ambassador to Athens

Ukrainian opposition leaders want more protests

An Oklahoma prisoner died of a heart attack after being executed.

Italian President Giorgio Napolitano was re elected

The United Nations War Crimes Tribunal convicted six Bosnian Croats

Arrest a Saudi travelling with a pressure cooker

North Korea says detained American tourists will be tried

Thai protesters call for a general strike

Egypt declared a state of emergency for one month

Across the United States, people gathered to do justice for Trevor.

UNICEF calls for immediate and safe access to women and children in the family

Hagel expressed regret over the "political" changes in the US defense budget

As part of the major business reform, Sony will reduce its PC division

Police: Gunmen killed 6 people in a gunfight in California

North Korea expels detained American veterans

Researchers hope to get a safe signal from the missing Malaysian plane.

Mandela's family thanked the country and the world for their support

Ukraine's competitors sign an agreement to end the crisis

Obama calls for military action against Syria, but will seek congressional approval

The Syrian Prime Minister survived an assassination attempt

Jordan was elected to the UN Security Council, Saudi Arabia refused

More than 60 people died at funerals in Iraq

Belfast's peaceful demonstration against the G8

George Zimmerman's Judgment Pushes Cable News into Sound Communication Mode

Six people were rescued after the ship capsized in Dublin Bay

Mandela was hospitalized on the third day

Egypt: Protesters attacked the headquarters of the Muslim Brotherhood  Global Voices

Saudi women drive to protest.

President Obama Warns Russia Not to Attack Ukraine

Nelson Mandela goes home from hospital

The Federal Reserve should keep stimulating

Impact of sanctions on Russia

Workers died during the World Cup

How did the cheapest car in the world perform in crash tests?

Debt Ombudsman reaches agreement with Greece

Murray's victory at Wimbledon ended 77 years of British suffering

United States: Russia Gathers Troops at the Ukrainian Border  Global Voices

Our understanding of chemical weapons in the Syrian civil war

New Great Earthquake in Southwest Pakistan

Kremlin: Putin has not decided to use Russian troops in Ukraine

North Korean leaders send envoys to China

Trkiye's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said he was "responsible" for ordering the suppression of demonstrations in Istanbul Park

In the draft circular, the Pope called for action to address climate change

Singapore equities rose 0.19% on Thursday

Who is Jihad John?

On October 19, several Iranian newspapers made headlines

US Attorney General Eric Holder Resigns

The United States and the European Union strengthen sanctions against Russia

Asia's Best News 13:25 GMT

How about Monday's Dow Jones Industrial Average?

The pilgrimage will continue despite the collapse of the crane.

House Republicans do not want Ryan as president.

Asia Top News 8:39 GMT

Singapore equities fell 0.06% on Tuesday

On Wednesday, China's treasury bond futures rose and fell unevenly

Attorney General Eric Holder Resigns

On October 19, several Iranian newspapers made headlines

China issues yellow alert for typhoon Kalmaji

Saudi air strikes on the Yemeni capital have killed 29 people.

Armed elements attack the United Nations, Mali pursues the killer of the Jihad nightclub

Indonesia M6 earthquake

Tokyo shares opened higher while US stocks rose

Iranian extremists attack the nuclear agreement

Hawaii's first hurricane in 22 years is coming.

At least 12 people have died in suicide bombings in Iraq.

Sierra Leone enters the last day of the Ebola blockade

Tokyo equities opened after strong US performance

Two people died and 17 were injured in the Lewend accident

More than 2000 migrants were rescued from wooden boats in the Mediterranean

Lewis Hamilton won the first Russian championship

The UN Security Council urged Yemen to end this terrible war...

Israeli security forces arrested eight Palestinians during a night raid on the West Bank.

A traffic accident in central Israel caused 2 deaths and 8 injuries

Live market broadcast: China's economic slowdown

Palestinians shot dead by Israeli police in East Jerusalem

Nigeria Accuses Boko Haram Attacks Cause Dozens of Death

Britain's "worry" about Hong Kong protests

Russia Roulette Bets on Syria

19 people died in an attack on a Tunisian museum

Live Blog: Iraq Turbulence

Guineans vote in the presidential election

Prince William Arrives in Beijing

Vice President of Bolivia Visits China

The Islamic State Releases the Second British Hostage Publicity Video

Iran and Tajikistan Sign Cooperation Agreement

Texas hospital staff are positive for Ebola virus

Trkiye's exploitation of Syrian refugees

China disagrees with the US plan to sanction foreign cyber attackers

38 militants were killed in the Iraqi conflict and air strikes

Despite the ceasefire in eastern Ukraine, 12 people are still dead

Greece is worried about a slowdown in the Asian market

West Ham beat Newcastle 2-0 in the Premier League

Israeli leaders urge calm in Jerusalem

Progress against the Islamic State is mixed

Egypt sentenced Al Jazeera journalists to prison

Occupied Palestinian Territory: Israel issues a security warning when Gaza resumes truce negotiations

India's Supreme Court Orders Investigation of Employment Fraud and Death

Chinese military helps ease tensions in the South China Sea

Montreal police fire tear gas to disperse opposition

The earthquake in Nepal killed more than 8000 people.

Ashya King's parents were released in Spain

The United States stepped up its response to the Ebola crisis

Thousands of Russians stayed abroad

It's too late for Harry Cain to score for Tottenham.

"Accounting Auschwitz" sentenced to four years in prison

Pro Palestinian militants are preparing a fleet to break the blockade of Gaza

Menendez could be accused of corruption

The heat flash detected when the Russian passenger plane crashed

Cameron and Sturgeon will discuss the future of Britain

Senator Ted Cruz declared his candidacy for President

EPL Club Exits to Avoid Champions League Problems

Iran arrested several spies near the nuclear power plant

The press is full of Nigerian elections

South Korea has reported 14 MORS deaths and 12 new cases.

The 15th stage of the Tour de France starts

Seven Spanish bulls died

China pays close attention to the release of tigers by the Russian President

Strengthening the security of the Belarus Ukraine border

Death of Korean women in contact with MS patients

Obama promises to save Iraqis trapped in the mountains

The observatory said 45 people were killed in Syria by Russian air strikes

Fearing that his life would be threatened, the police abandoned the police station in Lesotho.

North Korea is hit by new US sanctions

Hong Kong student leaders plan to hold demonstrations

The UK said it was investigating two suspected MOS cases

Why does Cyprus support Cameron's British air strike against Syria?

Johor crowned his fifth sultan

Iran reaffirms its support for Iraq and Syria

Poland's President Loses to the Challenger

Palestinian officials attacked Israel's tombstone bill

Brothers at the University of Florida were accused of spitting at wounded veterans.

Prime Minister Modi talks about non discrimination and equality

The Secretary General of the United Nations condemns the attack on Mariwi and its personnel

Pakistan Protests India's Violation of Ceasefire

Permanent contact between two victims in the German train accident

New Delhi churches strengthened security after the attack

An American jet crashed in Britain, killing the pilot.

Merkel promises NATO will unite with Latvia

More bodies have been found in the Nile, and the death toll from the sinking of Egyptian ships is increasing.

11 China will continue to help fight against Ebola

China is trying to appease nervous traders

Last bad weather: Texas tornado killed one person